1 run, slower short ball, the batsman is off his toes to fend it into the covers for one.
1 run, short of length outside off, goes back and punches it towards long-off.
no run, short of a good length at the thigh, can't get the glance away.
1 run, punched on the up to long-on.
SIX runs, sweeeet. That the batsman elegance. Down the pitch, not to the pitch of the ball, but he has long levers. Stretches his arms and hits through the line to lift this over long-on.
2 runs, shortish, fourth-stump line, pulled away to the left of fine leg.
FOUR runs, the batsman playing a little gem here. Low full toss again, he stays leg side of it, and drives it to the right of extra cover for four more.
1 run, full and straight, 146ks, driven down to long-on.
1 run, fired full on the stumps from wide of the crease, eased to long on.
no run, drifts away outside off and left alone.
1 run, lovely drive to the left of mid-off, where the fielder puts in the dive and stops a boundary. The bowler will keep pitching the ball up there. That's his strength in the Powerplay. (But good batsmen can turn it into a weakness too).
1 run, yorker, 147ks, outside off, dug out towards long-off for one.
FOUR runs, slaughtered! Whew. No finesse from the batsman. He gets the front leg well out of the way, lines up this short ball and sends it between deep square and deep midwicket with some force.
no run, offcutter, floated at a full length outside off. Driven straight to extra cover.
1 run, short of a length slower ball just outside off, shuffles and clips to fine leg.
no run, sees him backing away and bowls a slower one outside off, the batsman can't reach this. Nice awareness from the bowler.
1 run, offbreak that doesn't turn, and they steal a single off the outside half of the bat.
1 run, whips this from outside off towards wide long on.
FOUR runs, swatted past the non-striker. Good length, loopy outside off. Waits on it and flat-bats it aerially between non-striker and umpire.
no run, keeps it short of a length, nothing driveable so far, pushed to the off side.
1 run, length ball on middle and leg, tucked away towards short fine leg.
FOUR runs, shortish, he makes a bit of width for himself and then punches through cover and point with superb balance and power.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and rolls his fingers over this delivery. Cut square off the back foot to the man in the deep for a walking single.
1 run, loses his shape on the slog. Full ball tossed up at middle stump, clears the front leg and has a big swing that ends up rolling out to short fine's right.
1 leg bye, oh this looks plumb. It's not given and the bowler reviews straight away. If there's no bat on this, I reckon the batsman will be in some trouble. Misses a length ball headed for leg stump as he plants the front foot across oh it's going down! That looked closer in real time. Turns out it's a very good decision.
no run, slower ball outside off, squeezes under the batsman's drive.
1 wide, looking for more swing, but ends up sliding it down leg.
1 run, yorker wide outside off, shuffles and shapes for the scoop, but is forced to push into the covers with a straight bat.
no run, wide length ball, pushed to short cover.
no run, slid through on off, hint of turn, the batsman camps back and runs it to short third man.
SIX runs, the batsman is some mood tonight. the bowler starts off full too, and he clears his front leg to send it over long-on. Smooth easy hitting.
no run, strays down the pads, and he sweeps, but cannot beat short fine leg.
FOUR runs, full toss on off and he creams this through extra cover. Solid hit.
1 run, outside off, and he swings towards the midwicket, gets an inside edge as it runs down towards short fine leg.
no run, short of a length in the corridor, defended into the covers.
OUT, pulled straight to deep square. Short of a length at middle stump, pulls aerially off the front foot and picks out the fielder who has only a couple of steps to take to his left.
no run, middle-stump yorker, good comeback ball, jammed back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, full on off, but he's quick to get down on one knee and whip this behind square leg. Full swing of the bat.
1 wide, called a wide! Was that over the head? A short delivery outside off, a knuckle ball bouncer that is indeed over the head. This is not very good bowling, why vary to a No. 7 when he isn't trying too much.
no run, full and slides in from round the wicket, defended to the leg side off the back foot.
SIX runs, the batsman is waiting for this wrong'un, and this is in his arc too. He slogs it over the big boundary at cow corner. Will you believe it? This is the first six of the night.
1 run, short of a length and turning away from middle. Gets deep and clips through vacant midwicket.
SIX runs, oh that is massive. Whew! Good length ball at middle stump, a step back into the crease and a proper connection on a proper slog. Way way over midwicket.
FOUR runs, that is a brutal delivery for the batsman. Not only has he conceded four past short fine leg, he has also bowled a high full toss. No-ball.
no run, stumps the advancing batsman again, going for his toes this time, and following him as he moves outside leg. This is good stuff from the bowler. He's under extreme pressure but he's holding his own.
1 run, short on middle, the batsman takes a few steps down the wicket and tucks it around the corner towards square leg for one.
1 run, swept in the air, the ball coming to ground well in front of the outfielder.
1 run, walks down the pitch and the bowler bowls it short outside off, not much room so the batsman dabs it square for a single.
1 run, short of a length, sits in the surface, pushed down to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, full and sliding towards leg, the batsman gets down and crunches a sweep through fine leg.
FOUR runs, short, angling down and the batsman just helps this over short fine leg. Too easy.
1 run, chops this cut to short third man.
2 runs, dropped short outside off, steered to sweeper's left.
1 run, slower ball, but full outside off. Big wind up from the batsman, but he mistimes a leg-side slog. The ball goes past the fielder to long on. Importantly, gets off strike.
no run, targets the stumps, the batsman goes back to defend dangerously and brings his bat down just in time.
1 run, full toss, tries the slower one and slips out of the hand as he rolls his fingers over it, punched down to long-on.
2 wide, wide down the leg side, and the keeper can't make a clean collection as it falls short and wide of him.
no run, dug in short and outside off, seam-up, 135ks, the batsman arches his back and lets it go.
no run, short of a length on leg stump, walks at it and looks to whip it through the leg side. Cops it on the thigh guard ad is forced to quickly return to the crease as the bowler puts in a diving under-arm throw to hit the stumps.
1 run, gentle nudge into the leg side for an easy single.
no run, in the blockhole close to off stump. Can't manufacture enough room to jab it through the covers, ends up playing it back to the bowler. The batter was out of his crease and the bowler threw to his end and missed the stumps, but it went quickly to long-off and no overthrow was possible.
no run, flat outside off, pushed to cover. The non striker is sent back, makes it back with a full-length dive.
OUT, length ball, and he goes for a hoick across the line, and this ballooons in the air, and is an easy return catch for the bowler.
no run, good length and outside off, gets forward and pats it down the pitch.
1 run, length ball on the leg stump, tucked away towards midwicket for one.
1 run, slower ball onto the pads, flicked to deep square.
1 leg bye, full on off, and angling into the batsman. He skips down the wicket to try and muscle this over to the leg side, but inside-edges the shot into his pads. They scamper across for one.
no run, finishes with a bouncer, and the batsman is a little late in trying to ramp it over the keeper, and doesn't connect.
FOUR runs, that undoes some of the good work, angles this one into the pads and the batsman plays something close to sweep to get it wide of short fine leg.
1 run, the batsman moves away outside leg, the bowler follows him with a yorker, jabbed away to the right of the bowler.
SIX runs, short, and wide, and he has given it the full monty. Slashed over backward point, and all the way for six!.
no run, shortens his length and uses his pace to get it to bounce at an uncomfortable height. the batsman wants to slash but the ball bounces well above his bat.
1 run, short at middle stump, hurriedly tucks it to midwicket's left.
1 run, full on off, the leg break again, pushed to deep cover.
1 wide, wide down the leg side.
OUT, cleaned him up! the batsman tries to make room and cut, but the bowler bowls straight on off stump. the batsman misses, the bowler hits. Crashes into the top of off stump.
1 run, yorker, down leg, dug out to deep midwicket for one.
no run, length ball close to off stump, slapped to short extra.
no run, googly, short of a length and outside off. Cut to backward point.
1 run, sweep shot, but not hit very hard, goes to deep square leg.
no run, sliding into the pads, the batsman checks his flick and chips it in front of midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, tucked away off the hip for a single to deep square leg.
no run, slower and full on middle, pushed to extra cover.
1 run, full and tailing into the pads, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, tries to find the gap again with a back-foot cut and finds point this time.
FOUR runs, one more that falls short. The fielder at deep midwicket runs to his right but doesn't take one step forward, and this batsman's pull yorks him. Another misjudgement in the deep.
no run, flatter, quicker, fuller, straighter. Pushed back to him.
1 run, short of a length, single to deep cover again.
no run, short of a length, wide, looks for the late cut, but can't beat the man at point.
no run, crunching drive again to this off-cutter, but straight to the fielder at cover point. Excellent bowling this.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, seems like a slower ball, punched down to long-off for one.
2 runs, misfield at mid-off. Length ball just outside off, mistimed, slic-ey punch on the up from the batsman. The fielder gets down very slowly and allows it to pass.
FOUR runs, incredible shot. It id a free hit all right, but it is quite a good one. Short at him, the batsman is in no position to attack it but slaps it back over his head for four. Not even off the middle of the bat.
OUT, another painstaking batsman innings comes to an end. Was in no control of this lofted hit. Sliced this slower delivery to point, where the fielder moved a couple of steps back to complete the catch.
no run, good length on off stump, defended on the front foot.
1 run, quick length ball, driven down to long-on for one.
SIX runs, flat pull for a six. Short ball at 138ks, rib-high, and the batsman loves it. Helps it along over short fine leg. Also the line is too leg-side.
2 runs, full on middle, pushed towards midwicket but the fielder from the boundary has to come in, which allows ample time for another couple.
no run, Once again looking to back away, only to see the bowler cleverly alter his line. Skids back in to hit him on the pad, but the batsman was miles outside leg.
no run, length on off, tries to steer it to third-man but only manages to chop it back to the keeper.
2 runs, yorker outside off, chopped to point's right. The fielder puts in a dive there and manages to parry it towards third man who was running the other way trying to cover him. They take the extra run.
1 run, full, just outside off, pushed past cover.
1 wide, full on the pads, down the leg side and called wide but there was some swing on offer for the bowler.
1 run, legbreak, middle and leg, worked leg.
1 run, full on off, and spinning away from the batsman. Pushed down the ground to long off.
no run, short of a length and sliding into his body again as he looks to open up the covers with a punch.
1 run, takes the pace off and keeps it on a length wide of off, the batsman punches it, rolls to mid-on off a thick inside edge.
1 bye, wide yorker outside off. Very wide. He swings across the line and misses. The fielder fumbles and they sneak a bye. That should have been a wide .
1 run, length at the stumps, opens up his stance and jabs it with soft hands into the covers.
1 run, smart bowling, keeps it very wide outside off and just inside the tramline, has the batsman reaching for it and he can only chop it away into the offside for a single.
no run, The batter marches down the track even before the bowler delivers, short and wide, flat-batted away only as far as the covers.
FOUR runs, googly, shortish and wide, extra bounce, and the batsman, rocking back to cut, gets a thick outside edge that flies high to the right of slip.
FOUR runs, lofted over square leg. That was the gap in the leg, and he hits it there. Good length ball at middle, shuffles and lofts the pull.
no run, yes this is swing and not turn. Again it dips and swings. Pushed to short cover. It is a carrom ball bowled with the seam up.
FOUR runs, drilled past the bowler! Full outside off, gets to the pitch and just whips his wrists at this! So quick. the bowler can barely get down as this races past the stumps.
1 wide, length ball spins down leg side and past his attempted flick.
no run, wants a single, but sent back! Full just outside off, and carved off the front foot to cover point. the batsman's halfway down, but he's been asked to go back.
1 wide, slower ball, short and very wide as The batter does a small shimmy again. Lets this one go.
1 run, wide of the crease, the bowler gets it to hold its line outside off, cracked to the covers, where the fielder runs in, collects the ball, and throws it to the keeper. The batter is quick enough to complete the single.
no run, slower ball, back of a length, angling into the body. Looks to work it away but plays too early and gets hit on the thigh pad.
1 run, shortish and wide, a bit of width. Cut down to third man for a single.
2 runs, he's straying on the pads to the batsman, that's the third time. Nips in a bit and the batsman just helps it along to deep square leg. The fielder makes good ground to field the ball and prevent a boundary.
no run, yorker at off stump, opens the face and chops it straight to backward point.
SIX runs, the batsman has helicoptered the bowler over the midwicket boundary. Seam-up ball: full and just outside off. the batsman picks it up and whips it with a flourish over the fence. Oh man, those wrists!.
no run, flighted legbreak, too full to get any elevation. Hit straight to midwicket.
FOUR runs, top edged over the keeper! Short on leg, and the batsman's pull takes the top edge. The fielder is not a tall man, and he's got no chance in stopping that.
no run, length ball, angling in, the batsman shuffles a little and defends this to mid-on.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut firmly to backward point who fumbles. They take the run as he looks to retrieve it.
FOUR runs, full and down leg side, leans into that and whips this off the shin to deep backward square's right.
no run, misses the arm ball and is struck on the back thigh as he looks to pull. Was very deep in the crease at the point of contact, but this was going down.
FOUR runs, oh lovely shot. Uses his reach and puts this sweep away. Length outside off, big stride, swept along the floor to the square leg boundary.
no run, nice. Very nice. Steep bouncer is too much for the batsman as he looks to hook. Carries nicely to the keeper.
no run, good length and some shape way in the corridor. Defended off the back foot.
1 run, gentle dab to short third man again, quick single taken.
OUT, the bowler strikes again! Follows that up with a terrific googly, but it's wider outside off. the batsman doesn't read the variation, he just runs down and slogs across the line. the bowler's wiles ensure the ball is short enough to allow room for turn and bounce to beat the slog. The keeper does the rest.
FOUR runs, wide on the crease, angling it into the pads, and the batsman loves it there. Plays a clip square on the leg side to beat long leg.
1 run, back of a length and attacking the stumps, punched wide of the fielder at midwicket.
no run, forces the batsman back with a shortish delivery on off stump. The batsman blocks it into the off side.
1 leg bye, slower ball, good length on leg stump. Cramps the batsman for space, who misses the whip towards the leg side. Hits his thigh pad.
1 run, full, outside off, a misfield by the diving extra cover allows him a single.
1 run, wrong'un at length, dabbed gently to short third man for a quick single.
1 run, good length at off stump, gets forward and opens the face to get this to point.
1 run, on a length, turning into the pads, pushed to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, length, and he plays it away towards square leg.
1 wide, starts with a short ball, but drops it wide down the leg side.
no run, slower through the air, the batsman comes down the track but the bowler shortens his length, the batsman takes it on the pads in the end.
FOUR runs, nails the sweep beautifully saw it in the slot, went down on one knee and slog swept it to the square leg fence, flat and fast.
2 runs, takes on a length ball outside off and hammers it in between deep midwicket and long-on.
FOUR runs, tossed up wide of off, overpitched, and the batsman doesn't need to manufacture anything to put this away to the boundary. Just a nice stride forward and leans his weight into a drive to beat extra-cover to his right.
no run, full inswinger at off stump, defended down the pitch.
no run, on a length, just outside off, pushed to cover. He wants the single to get off the mark but is sent back.
1 run, steps out and works this to short midwicket where the fielder misfields to give away a single.
1 wide, full, very wide outside off, and turning further away. the batsman tries to drill this through the covers, but misses.
1 run, dropped by the fielder! the batsman backed away and top edged a wild pull high into the night sky. The fielder seemed to keep his eyes on it all the way, getting under the chance, but he kept his hands low trying to catch it and it just popped straight out.
1 run, back of a length on off, but sticks with the slower ball again. Mistimes his pull to the man in the deep this time.
1 run, short ball follows the full delivery again, pulled to deep midwicket for one more.
no run, another attempted yorker, works it towards mid-on.
no run, yes, he bowls an inswinger, headed towards the middle of the off stump. Pushed to mid-off.
1 run, good length just outside off. Rides the bounce and taps it to point. Calls early for the single.
1 wide, full and very very wide outside off, left alone.
no run, this time he leans into the drive, caresses it straight to the fielder at cover.
1 run, slower ball, another full toss, tucked to short fine for a single.
2 runs, walks across and whips this full delivery towards fine leg. The fielder took a while to run in and pick up.
FOUR runs, no justice plays for the offbreak, gets an outside edge to this legcutter, and it flies fine of short third man.
no run, length on off stump, tapped to extra cover from the crease.
no run, width outside off, flayed on the up but can't beat mid off.
1 run, full on off, down the wicket comes the batsman and pushes it along the ground to long-on.
1 run, full on off stump, driven along the floor to mid-off.
1 wide, make it 27 off two legal deliveries. He beats the batsman with a slower ball but it is called wide. So the free hit remains.
OUT, this is a straighter wrong'un, and he gets his man. the batsman wants to review, but they don't have a review left. This googly starts just outside off, and it is closer than the last one, but it is still headed down leg.
SIX runs, makes width because the ball doesn't have any, he lofts the full delivery from the stumps, up and over the off side to the square boundary all the way.
SIX runs, mistimed and dragged over long-on. That's another friendly full toss from the bowler. Thigh height at off stump, he slices the attempted slow but that's enough.
2 runs, short outside off, and once again jagging away from the batter. He flat-bats it over mid on, and it's a chase for the fielder towards the long-on boundary. Eventually comfortably pulled back.
FOUR runs, wrong'un, pitching on a good length outside off. the batsman seemed to pick it, sweeps it firmly with the turn and the fielder, sprinting hard to his left from deep backward square leg, puts in the dive and almost pulls off a good stop, but the ball slips through his fingers and runs away for four.
FOUR runs, short of a length outside off, terrific placement as he drives square off the back foot and beats the cover sweeper. The fielder puts in a big drive and takes a huge divot out with his knee. Could have been nasty.
1 run, a length delivery on leg, pushed to long-on for a run.
no run, wide on the crease again, short of a length, angling away, punched straight to backward point.
no run, beauty! When he gets it right, The bowler can get the ball to bend away. Banana swing this time, The batsman with no feet movement as he throws his bat at this to drive, beaten.
1 run, squeezes this slower delivery towards point for a quick single.
1 run, gets the yorker right this time, the batsman makes room and squeezes it out towards cover for one.
no run, full and wide outside leg stump. the batsman tries to slog-sweep, but misses. Hits his front leg, but impact's outside leg.
1 run, on a length, outside off, driven on the up, with an open face. Gets a single to deep point.
1 run, full and wide delivery angling away, the batsman slashes this down to square third man.
SIX runs, wham. the batsman is in the mood today. The bowler dragged it short, perhaps expecting the batsman to step out. The batsman stayed put, rocked back and pulled it powerfully over deep square leg.
1 wide, and again. the batsman keeps shuffling and drawing this line from the bowler. This one is full and too wide outside off again.
FOUR runs, gets the pull away this time. A bit off the low part of the bat, but nicely in position this time for the front foot pull over midwicket.
5 wide, oh dear. the keeper misses a straightforward take. The bowler attempts a yorker that goes down leg side. The keeper makes the ground but can't hold on.
1 run, looks to whip square, gets a thick inside edge to short fine.
OUT, taken at long-off. Garg sprinting and lunging to his left. Good length and pushed through at off stump. Looks to go inside-out and can't open the wrists well enough. It's flat and about waist height as the fielder tracks it closely and takes it under his eyes.
1 run, another slower ball. Shorter this time, and outside off, hops to ride the bounce and dab into the point region.
SIX runs, the bowler, as he has done all night, slips one in too full without meaning to bowl a yorker, and the batsman loves the slot ball. Slogs it over midwicket.
SIX runs, full, on off stump, and he has hammered this straight down the pitch over long off. Hits the sightscreen.
1 run, touch short, pulled to deep midwicket.
1 run, driven wide of extra cover for a quick single.
1 run, slower ball, full, outside off, pushed to long-on for one.
no run, quick, on a length, pushed to short straight midwicket.
1 run, comes down the track to a slower ball and clips it through square leg.
1 run, OUT,  comedy of errors.  Another mix-up with the batsman. The player is three quarters of the way down the pitch for the second, but the throw from deep midwicket is fumbled by the keeper, but he recovers quickly to get to the ball and then comes up with an underarm flick to beat the batter's dive. Surely someone's got to have a word with the batsman about his running, very very poor.  Fourth time now that the batsman is involved in a run out this season. He's run his partner out on three of those occasions.
no run, turns past the outside edge. the bowler around the wicket, lands it on a length outside off and turns it big as the batsman looks to defend.
SIX runs, see ya! Bit of a helicopter shot this. Full toss pushed through at leg stump. Doesn't even swing at that really, it's just a flick. And yet it's gone 94 metres, in the midwicket region.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended into the covers.
no run, back of a length outside off, goes back again to flat-bat to mid-off.
1 run, length on leg stump, hurriedly nudged into the leg side with soft hands.
FOUR runs, goes round the wicket and targets the batsman's head. It's coming right in between the eyes of the batsman. And he just calmly swivels on his back foot and pulls it over short fine leg. That's not the field for this kind of bowling, but it was a decent ball.
SIX runs, nonchalant short-arm whip over square leg! Full on off stump, about 143kph. He shuffles and gets deep in the crease and stays very still. Then swishes his arms, flat and over the fielder.
no run, down the wicket, gets no room or length error from the bowler. Has to play defensively.
no run, back of a length on off stump, blocked back again, waits for it and meets it right under his eye.
1 run, full on leg stump, driven to long-on.
no run, gets well forward and stabs this away to the off side.
SIX runs, Thampi once again bowls at the batsman, The batsman is standing at the off stump and moves further across and flicks it over deep midwicket, all the way for a six.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, low full toss just outside off, looks to jam that into the off side and gets an inside edge onto pad.
SIX runs, clean strike, clears long-on! Backed away again, but the bowler went full and this was right into his swinging arc. Lovely, lovely hit.
no run, length on off, the batsman waits for it to come to him and defends it right under his eyes to point.
no run, tossed up full outside off, fended back towards the non-striker, and the bowler's dive stops the ball.
1 run, googly at a length onto leg stump, nudged to deep square.
no run, full on middle and leg, the batsman nudges it to a short leg that they have put in place. The captain knows he needs wickets.
no run, length, skidding through again. Looks to go the same way but gets this attempted loft off the inside half and it trickles back harmlessly to the bowler.
1 run, good length at middle stump, onto the back foot and punched to long-on.
no run, gets it to drift and cramps the batsman for room, who was looking to back away. He ends up punching it from close to his body into the offside.
1 run, full outswinger at off stump, jammed out to mid-off.
no run, wrong'un, the batter does not pick it and falls over, heading down leg side.
no run, wrong 'un, fired outside off, and stays within the tramlines. the batsman leaves it.
1 run, leading edge down to third man. Full and in at middle stump and once again he's too keen - closes the face early.
no run, draws the batsman forward and then gets it to beat the edge as he prods forward. Lovely from the bowler.
no run, short of a length and in at off stump. Defended to point off the back foot.
SIX runs, oh he's nailed the connection on that! Full ball angled into off stump and he keeps the front leg side and swipes this over midwicket. Some sound off the bat there, right off the middle.
OUT, the batsman bags a first-ball duck. The bowler darts it short and outside off, The batsman makes additional room and looks to slash it away. He picks out the fielder at backward point.
FOUR runs, clears his front leg, gets down on one knee and lofts this over extra cover. Mid-off was inside the ring so it was a safe stroke.
1 run, short, and he swivel-pulls it down towards long leg.
2 runs, short and just outside off, allows that on and chops to point's left. And he fumbles to allow a second.
1 run, back of a length outside off, cut fiercely but there is a deep cover.
1 run, short on middle, and hammered away towards deep midwicket where the fielder puts in a timely dive to keep it to one.
3 runs, bouncer for the free hit, pulled from outside off. Gets more height than distance and the fielder at midwicket drops it. Wouldn't have been out, but concedes an extra run with that drop.
1 run, shorter and spins back in on off, the batsman stands tall and punches it down the ground to long-on.
no run, length and turning away outside off, pokes at it and gets the front edge. Down the pitch.
1 run, tossed up on off, he drives slowly to long off.
no run, short of a length, the batsman has enough time to punch this, but can't beat extra cover.
1 run, dropped at short fine leg. Difficult chance, though. the batsman gets inside the line tu try to flick it past short fine. The fielder dives to his left, gets a hand, but can't hold on.
no run, slower ball outside off, tries to steer it to third-man but misses.
1 run, another short ball that rises up to the batsman's throat. Hurried him though the batsman connected with the pull. Didn't try to hit too hard and didn't time it perfectly. Deep midwicket is there to collect.
no run, full on off, comes forward and defends to point in anticlimactic fashion.
1 run, works a shortish delivery from outside off to the right of long-on.
SIX runs, launched over deep midwicket! My goodness! This was hit so far! Another short ball, he hung back and clobbered it into the stands.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, oh there's life here still. Just about. Short of a length ball in at the hips. the batsman swings cleanly and connects to drag this to fine leg's left. The slide won't help, it's four.
2 runs, banged in short on middle, head-high ball, the batsman hooks it over square leg. Just one off the free-hit.
no run, spins in very sharply from a middle stump line, nudged away to short fine leg.
SIX runs, quality. the batsman gets two sixes to close off the bowler's spell. This one is classic. Short at the hips and he swivels perfectly to get in position and helps this over long leg.
FOUR runs, short and wide and four! Not quite a conventional cut shot but more a backfoot drive over cover and extremely well timed.
no run, quicker length ball, no room, and pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, works this with the spin to deep square leg.
1 wide, good length and down leg side, beaten on the flick.
SIX runs, the batsman loves this small boundaries. Keeps his head down and swings through the line of a full ball on the pads. Over wide long-on it goes.
no run, over the wicket, good length, nudged to the on side.
no run, good length outside off, looks to flick and hits it straight onto the pad.
1 run, off-stump yorker, jammed out to point.
1 run, fuller around off, the batsman comes forward to drive, a leading edge towards covers.
2 runs, length ball angling away from off stump, opens his bat face to squeeze this to the right of the diving the fielder at backward point.
1 run, googly, short outside off, he's back and cutting hard to deep point.
2 runs, back of a length on middle, and he muscles a pull to deep midwicket. Enough time to scamper back for the second.
FOUR runs, short of a length, straight, and they have a deep midwicket and long-on to protect the leg-side hits, but the batsman has bisected them with this pull.
1 run, short and outside off, he backs away and cuts behind point.
2 runs, slower length ball at leg stump, flicked to fine leg's left.
no run, The bowler pulls his length back a shade, and this one pings the cover fielder.
1 run, stays short of a length, just around off, punched wide of mid-off for one again.
FOUR runs, length, and he has biffed this towards long on. Man there is inside the circle, and that was always destined to go for four.
no run, half a run-out chance at the non-striker's. Good length outside off, punched to extra cover's left. The batsman sent back and might have made it even if the fielder's throw was collected.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, the batsman comes forward and just chips it over the bowler's head, only a single though as long-on cuts it off.
1 run, good length and just outside off, driven along the ground to long-off.
1 run, uses the depth of the crease to ease this down to third man.
OUT, after a hundred swings and misses, finally an outside edge has been found. A carrom ball from the bowler, the batsman shapes to slap it away but ends up getting severely tucked up due to the lack of room and produces an edge.
1 run, short, and he cuts this hard, but it is stopped by the fielder at point, they keep the scoring down to just one.
no run, could have been six fours in the over, too full and the batsman cover drives off the front foot, but can't beat the fielder at cover.
SIX runs, the batsman has no interest in landmarks, he just wants a quick finish! Powered over cow corner, and this one is utterly cooked!.
no run, drives straight to cover. Nicely to the pitch of this full outswinger outside off.
1 run, what an effort! That's a sensational effort! the fielder at the third man boundary with a super piece of fielding. Leaps right up in the air after the batsman upper-cut this, and stretches out his right hand. Sees his left foot landing outside the boundary, and just as he's landing down, he releases it after completing the catch.
1 run, length ball pushed into the pads. Flicked to square leg's left.
2 runs, rolls his fingers over the ball, so takes the pace off. Good length outside off, and comfortably punched to wide long off for a couple.
1 wide, good length but poor line, down leg side and past the attempted glance.
no run, he's given him first ball! And the batsman goes for the review right as the DRS clock was running out. Back of a length, pitched on middle and came back into him. Looks like there was an inside edge too. the batsman might not have felt that, because he waited for so long to take a review, and after a long discussion with the non striker. In any case, it looked a little high too. Rolled off the pad towards gully. Not out is the verdict, the right one.
no run, googly picked and left. Length at off, covers off stump and lets it pass.
1 run, good length on middle and leg, but spinning across the batsman. Pushed off the back foot to the mid-wicket region.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and turns into the batter's pads. Works it off his hips to the man at deep midwicket.
no run, another defensive shot from the batsman as he stays tight around off.
SIX runs, over long on! Full on off, and that's in the batsman slot. Gets his front leg to the pitch of the ball, and hammers this to the second tier.
1 run, full on middle, the batsman hangs back and bunts a single down to long-on.
1 run, slower ball, full, outside off, pushed past cover for one.
1 run, short at the hips, clipped to deep square's right.
no run, full inswinger at the stumps, sweetly timed flick, straight to midwicket.
SIX runs, and that one inch over the line has cost the bowler has seven runs. And this is an incredible shot. This is a slower ball, just short of a length, and wide outside off, but he has managed to loft this over extra cover for a six.
1 run, the googly! But manages to tuck it towards short fine leg for a single. It landed on off, and came back in sharply.
FOUR runs, pitched up and outside off, the batsman lays into a drive and carts it away to the cover boundary.
no run, good length outside off, comes back in with that around-the-wicket angle. Chopped to the fielder at backward point.
1 run, full at leg stump, driven to long-on.
FOUR runs, back of a length outside off and the batsman does nicely to steer it very fine past the keeper to raise his fifty.
1 run, wide legbreak, chopped wide of point.
1 run, looks to go over long-on, gets a thick inside edge onto the pad. The keeper fires a wayward throw at the bowler's end and they get a single.  the batsman is applauded by the opponents as he walks off.  What entertainment.
2 runs, pulls the short ball on leg stump away to deep midwicket. Risky second but they get there in the end, helped by a dodgy throw.
1 run, back of a length and skidding into the pads, picked off through midwicket.
1 run, carves the back of a length delivery down to deep third man.
no run, length ball, just outside off, left alone.
1 run, full and quick, just outside off, punched down to long-off for one.
no run, good length at middle, pushed to midwicket off the back foot.
no run, length in the corridor. Looks to drop it pitch side to take a single but can't get it wide of the bowler.
no run, short and wide outside off, under-edge on the attempted cut.
1 run, length and in at middle stump, clipped to deep square from the crease.
1 run, starts with a slower ball around off, worked away to deep square leg for a single.
no run, wrong'un outside off, and he has not picked it. The inside edge hits the pad.
1 run, legbreak, short and outside off, punched through the line to long-off.
no run, oh why the reverse just after hitting one down the ground? Beaten again.
2 runs, off the toe-end and that probably costs two runs. Low full toss at off stump, lofts it over the bowler. Mid-off was in. But long-on cleans up.
1 run, full and straight, worked down to backward square leg.
no run, yorker outside off. Backs away but can't get this drive away. Jammed back down the pitch.
1 run, turns a good length ball on middle through midwicket.
no run, slower ball, on a length, 124ks, on top of off. Defended.
no run, length outside off, shuffles across and pushes it to cover.
1 run, on a length, angling in, pushed in front of square leg for one.
2 runs, full on middle and leg, and tapped to wide long on. Misfielded in the deep, which allows them to take the second.
no run, length ball, swings into him, and he plays this towards square leg.
1 wide, the bowler's trying not to give him any width, but he's sent his line too far the other way and this one scoots down the leg side.
SIX runs, pulls this over vacant fine leg. Shuffles to open up that side of the ground and the bowler gives him a thigh-height full toss on leg stump. He simply lifts it with the angle.
1 run, stays round the wicket, full and straight, he pushes forward and gets a thickish inside edge through square leg.
1 run, length outside off, driven to long-off.
FOUR runs, pitched up and outside off, the batsman stays still, gets underneath the length and golf-swings it over the bowler's head.
no run, a tossed up googly outside off, the batsman comes forward and defends.
no run, swing and a miss. Drifts one back in full from wide of the crease, the batter is hit on the back thigh.
no run, the bowler hits a hard length on middle and leg - neither driveable nor pullable - punched back to the bowler off the back foot.
SIX runs, full outside off, in the slot and the batsman hammers it flat and hard, down the ground for six.
1 run, short, and he whips this away off the backfoot, on one bounce through to the long leg fielder.
no run, slower legbreak, just outside off, and he beats the batsman again. Oh he is not happy with those wides. You can see it from his face.
no run, good length on off, clipped to the bowler's right.
no run, driven uppishly, straight to the fielder at cover.
2 runs, tossed up outside off and drilled wide of sweeper cover off the front foot.
no run, tossed up on leg, and he mistimes a sweep to square leg.
1 run, another slower ball, it's the offcutter this time. the batsman wants to work it towards the leg side, but takes the leading edge. Falls near short extra cover.
SIX runs, slower ball, he picks it up early and deposits it high and handsome over the deep midwicket fielder, who briefly felt he was in with a chance, timed his jump well but only got fingertips to it as it sailed over.
FOUR runs, oh yeah, sweet. Classy from the batsman. This is full outside off, bowling to the field, nothing wrong with it. the batsman gets a big stride out to meet that and times the cover drive perfectly. All balance, that.
FOUR runs, thick inside edge, races to fine leg. Late swing back in from length for the bowler, The batsman played outside the line. Shaved past leg stump.
no run, dropped short and wide, waits on that and hits the cut straight to extra cover.
2 runs, he has drawn the top edge on the pull but the batsman has managed to go in front of square while the catching man is at square leg. They get a couple.
FOUR runs, the team is putting on an exhibition of everything you shouldn't bowl in a T20 game. After a full one on the pads, he drops short to the batsman, at a gentle pace, as he shifts back and swivels into a powerful pull through midwicket.
no run, almost in the block hole again and he defends it back.
1 run, full on leg, and clipped away to the vacant square-leg region for a single.
1 run, carroms all the way! This one short, which means the batsman can go back, read the turn off the pitch and tap it to long-on.
1 run, chopped out to the sweeper once again, and the batsman keeps the strike.
no run, full and down leg side. Slaps down on it but finds short fine.
1 run, steps out and drives this full delivery to wide long-off. Didn't hit this off the middle.
1 run, loose ball! Waist-high full toss outside off, and he flat bats it past the non-striker to long on. Lucky to get away with only one.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off. Punched back to long on.
FOUR runs,  the fielder has made a right royal mess at long off.  The harbour bridge as they'd call it in Australia. the batsman belted this full toss down to long off, the fielder failed to bend down properly. What should've been a single is now four.
no run, full on middle stump, punched to midwicket.
1 run, back of a length outside off, angled down to third man he came back decently after that first-ball six.
1 run, full, on off, dug out for a single.
1 run, length ball outside off, and then turning into the batsman. Cut off the back foot to the man in the deep.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, onto the front foot and spanks it through cover. Attempted slower ball? That was at 123kph. Looks like an offcutter.
SIX runs, good length outside off, but the batsman walks across to the off side to meet it. Swings towards the leg side, and manages to get enough behind it to clear cow corner.
2 runs, turned gently towards midwicket, no one there. Easy two.
no run, flatter, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, ood length and shaping into off stump. Gets low and opens the face to run this between backward point and short third. The fielder dives to the left to keep it to one.
FOUR runs, that is some of the good the batsman touch coming back. He is forever looking to shuffle across to the bowler, but this time he goes short and wide. the batsman is quick to adjust and pulls this over mid-on for a flat four.
FOUR runs, inside edge zips past short fine. the bowler starts in a nice area - length on off stump. the batsman brings an angled bat down on it as he pushes on the front foot. Tentative. Effective.
no run, length on off stump, defended to extra cover on the front foot.
1 run, pushed to the off side.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper.
OUT, taken at long-off . The batsman looks up. A flatter trajectory delivery outside off is chipped away to long-off. The fielder takes the reverse-cupped catch.
no run, tossed up, and he presses forward and defends this.
no run, full and fast outside off, and the batsman thumps this to cover. Straight to the man there.
2 runs, length ball, turns it towards square leg for a couple to get off the mark.
no run, length ball just outside off, and defended back to the bowler off the back foot. Keeping it tidy.
SIX runs, pumped over wide long-on! Driving length, floated up at leg stump. Front leg out of the way and a clean swing.
2 runs, full outside off, the batsman goes across and down on one knee to sweep it between towards deep squeareleg for a couple.
SIX runs, what. A. Shot. Fullish, on middle and leg, and the batsman sits back in his crease, opens up his front hip, and just flicks this, effortlessly, over the backward square leg boundary.
1 run, back of a length outside off, lets it come on and dabs gently into the gully region.
1 run, dropped! The fielder flew to his right but couldn't hang on. It was full outside off, the batsman wanted to blast it down the ground, there was slight deviation off the seam which induced the edge, but that's massive opportunity lost.
1 run, slower through the air, the batsman goes back to push this length ball into the covers for one.
1 run, leg-side fuller ball, clipped to backward square leg.
no run, short and climbing into him without room, fails to get on top of it as he barely keeps it out.
1 run, short of a good length and into the body. Uses the angled to swish towards fine leg.
FOUR runs, length, and he has given him width on the off side, and he runs it away through point with an open face.
1 run, length delivery outside off, big swing and the batsman gets it to long on for one.
1 run, full googly outside off, gets forward and flicks to long-on.
no run, nicely bowled. Dangles it up slow, wide of off stump, and gets it to rip away sharply to beat the batsman's flat-bat cover drive.
FOUR runs, a very similar delivery, a slow wide delivery outside off. the batsman goes from bottom to top and carves the ball over backward point.
FOUR runs, fuller down the leg side, the batsman moves away a bit and just chips it over mid-on for four.
1 run, good length and turns in slowly, the batsman closes the face and scoops a leading edge to point.
SIX runs, incredible finish by the batter full outside off and he goes low and slashes it - the timing is so good on it again that it flies all the way over third man.
SIX runs, and he bowls a gentle length ball into the pads. the batsman picks the slower ball, and goes over midwicket for a six. They will need many more of these.
1 wide, bouncer, on-pace, 130ks, down the leg side, called wide.
no run, short of a length, chest high, just outside off. Defended.
1 run, short of a length. he is deep in the crease to pull this. Gets a single to deep square leg.
1 run, shortish delivery outside off, short enough for the batsman to go back and read the ball off the pitch. Worked to wide long-on.
no run, big appeal for the catch at the wicket as the batsman is beaten on the pull. There is a noise for sure as it passes the bat, but the umpire doesn't give it. And they don't review it either.Not even close to the bat or the glove.
1 run, short on middle, helps it around to deep squareleg with the angle.
no run, on a length, outside off, pushed to cover.
1 run, touch short on middle and leg, worked behind square on the leg side for an easy single.
no run, offcutter, good length and outside off. Looks to lace it through the covers, chops it into the pitch.
1 run, right to the pitch as he eases this to long off.
no run, fuller, outside off, driven to mid-off.
2 runs, short and wide again, cut away past the diving man at point.
1 run, length, but slower, and he drags this down towards long on.
1 run, takes a step down and gives himself room to square drive this length ball to deep point.
1 run, length ball outside off, tapped into the offside for a single.
no run, defends a length ball outside off.
no run, back of a length on off stump, blocks it.
no run, offbreak, dipping, slow, headed for off. Defended to leg.
1 run, length, cuts into him at off, punched to wide long-on.
no run, sharp bouncer. At him, no room, 135ks. the batsman is ducking and hooking at the same time. Beaten.
FOUR runs, it's like bowling to a revolving door! the batsman moves across his stumps. He knows it is going to be short. He knows it will be outside off. He just holds the bat horizontally at the point where the ball will probably come and then turns his whole body to his right to pull it to the square leg boundary.
no run, beats him with a peach!  this good length ball holds its line from around the wicket and try as the batsman might to block it, he simply cannot touch this.
2 runs, length, angled in at off, flicked to the left of deep midwicket.
1 run, knuckle ball, nearly a yorker, drilled to deep cover.
no run, stays in the crease this time and gets his bat down just in time to block it in front of the stumps.
no run, slower ball at leg stump, backs away to whip it. Taps it into the off stump because he's cramped.
no run, makes room to cut but the ball just doesn't come on. Drags it back to the bowler off the inside half of the bat.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to deep square's left.
1 wide, slips this full ball way down leg, good take by the keeper.
2 runs, cleanly lofted inside out, extremely well done by the fielder at long off. Ran a good 15 yards to his left and then dished out a full-length swimming pool dive to cut that off.
FOUR runs, length ball, on off, and he carves a cut right over cover! Ball bounces awkwardly in front of the fielder, and bounces over his head despite a valiant attempt.
FOUR runs, not great bowling. On a length, on the pads, with square leg and fine leg inside the circle. the batsman plays the pick-up over square leg.
1 run, full on off, turns the face too early and gets a leading edge down to third-man as the ball holds in the surface a little.
1 run, moves around in the crease as he often does, but the bowler doesn't budge from his length. the batsman opens the face to takes a single to point.
FOUR runs, loose! And punished. Good length, but outside leg stump. the batsman mistimes this fine down the leg side, while trying to drag it towards the leg side. Beats short fine leg!.
FOUR runs, brings up a half century with some brute force. Dropped short at an off stump line with square leg in the circle. Poor from the bowler, but majestic short-arm pull from the batsman. Drops to deep midwicket's right and skids into the ad boards.
SIX runs, juuuust six! Skewed, but six. Some flight outside off, the batsman runs down and doesn't bother about the googly. Goes through with the shot, and just gets enough to clear the straight boundary.
no run, good length just outside off, and gets big on the batsman. Defended off the backfoot to the bowler.
1 run, back of a length, the batsman walks across and flicks to deep midwicket.
no run, nicely bowled. Gets some dip on it as the batsman reaches out to defend. Goes on with the angle and it rolls into the leg side off the inside edge.
no run, down the wicket, the bowler slows it down again, and the batsman is hit on the cue end. Dot.
no run, full on the pads, comes forward, smothers the spin and pushes it to midwicket.
1 leg bye, slower ball from the bowler, and he is early to an attempted pull. It hits him above the waist and they are able to sneak a leg bye.
1 run, tails in late, yorker-length on middle, squeezed to midwicket.
1 run, full outside off, and that's been worked towards the leg side.
1 run, full outside off, nicely to the pitch of that to drive to long-off's left.
4 byes, zinger from what must be a furious the bowler. It doesn't get better, I'm afraid. Past the batsman's pull, off the keeper's elbow and into the boundary.
FOUR runs, and he goes wide yorker with the third man up. the batsman sees a qide full ball, and throws his bat at it. The outside edge sails over short third man.
SIX runs, slower ball, the off-cutter, picked early and mowed it over long-off. Terrific timing.
1 wide, full outside off, and Hardik judges this well. Spinning away from him, and too wide reckons the umpire. Shoulders his arms to the spiner.
no run, short of a length, outside off, defended off the back foot.
1 run, short, wide, cut away to deep point for one.
no run, tries to cut this one but the ball skids through at pace and beats him with pace.
1 run, the fielder drops it at deep square. A simple catch. Or so it seemed until he looked rushed. Full and into the pads, flicked aerially and flat. It's waist height, but the fielder slides on his knees and goes reverse cup, under this. Looks like he misjudged that or reacted late. Bursts through his hands.
2 runs, slower ball outside off, swerved away from the batsman as he went for the expansive drive, nicked it behind but beat the diving slip fielder to his left for a single to third-man.
1 run, OUT, short of a length just outside off, backs away and carves it to third man's right. Then comes back for a suicidal second run. the keeper takes down all three stumps, the batsman is four yards out.
no run, a length ball that slides in and hits the batsman in front of leg as he misses the flick.
1 run, straightens from length on middle, the batsman looks to work to the leg side, but gets a leading edge that rolls wide of cover.
no run, the batsman continues the anchor role. Looks for a single but finds the man at cover.
1 run, full and wide, driven hard, but straight to sweeper-cover.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and fended off the back foot to cover. Just one.
no run, nice shape! Good length outside off and shaping slightly inwards. He tried to glance it fine, but the ball just goes past his outside edge.
1 run, swats this short delivery to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower fullish ball, punched to sweeper cover.
2 runs, slower ball on middle, and he flicks it off his pads to deep midwicket. Played with soft hands.
no run, googly, short of a length and turning into the corridor. Backs away for the cut and in the end he's just scrambling to get some bat on it.
OUT, foxed him totally another slower ball, the batsman has no clue about it. the bowler rolls his fingers over the ball, gets in on a length in line with the stumps, the batsman is pushing at it way too early, it takes the leading edge to lob to cover, who takes it with both hands above his head.
1 run, this one has sat in the surface. The batsman aborts his cut and ends up checking his shot. Just clears cover-point.
no run, back of a lent outside off, and the batsman tries to flat-bat it down the ground. Hit straight to mid off.
no run, full and just outside off, driven with the turn to extra cover.
2 runs, yorker on middle, he flicks it through to deep midwicket.
1 run, goes for the big wind up and slogs a fuller delivery on off stump to deep midwicket. Mistimes it though.
OUT, has hit this straight to long-on. Dragged this from outside, bat face turned in his hand which meant there was no power and the fielder took this nicely running around the ropes. Clever from the bowler as well, didn't give the batsman much pace to work with as he rolled his fingers over the ball.
FOUR runs, short, and he goes back and picks this up and sends it one-bounce over the midwicket fence. Good, controlled shot, as he was careful enough to place it wide of the man at deep backward square.
SIX runs, another full toss and it is sent over square!. Full toss on leg stump at 133kph. The batsman merely waits and lifts.
FOUR runs, short, and he backs away and slaps this past point. What a shot again!.
1 run, works this off the surface to deep midwicket, picked the googly off the hand.
OUT, bowled him! Same ball, same shot, inside edge again. Dhawan driving with a gap between bat and pad again. This time the stride is even shorter, possibly because of the bump he got last ball. It hits that back leg again, but this time on the thigh, before taking out the stumps.
1 run, full on middle stump, mistimed sweep to deep square's left.
1 run, OUT, mix-up and the batsman is caught quite a way up the pitch. Been sold down the river by his old friend. Full inswinger just outside off, neatly punched wide of mid-off. The fielder gives chase, puts in a slide and is back up quickly. The batter sprints down for the second and then says no. the batsman responds to his call and takes off too, but he's left with no chance as a result. Throw comes in one bounce and the bowler is back to gather it.
1 run, full on fifth stump line, slower ball, just pushed to mid-off. the batsman had to adjust to it late, think he didn't read the slower one early.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, tucked away through square leg.
no run, short of a good length and turning away, cut straight to backward point.
1 run, floated up and driven down the ground.
no run, short of a length, cramping him up, but he manages to punch it powerfully. But straight to cover-point.
1 run, short of length on middle and leg, worked towards fine leg.
no run, full and just outside off, left alone.
FOUR runs, oh beautiful. He's come out with some rhythm tonight. Everything just connecting sweetly. Short and in at middle and leg. Leaps off his feet and turns this off the hips. It blazes out to the square leg boundary.
1 run, drifts in towards leg stump, clipped away through square leg.
FOUR runs, just short of deep square and past him in the end as he lunges forward for the catch. Slower short ball, nice swiping length, and swipe he does. Hits the fielder's body on the half-volley and is past the boundary.
no run, good length and just outside off, feet static as he pushes this to short extra.
SIX runs, outta here! Full, wide outside off, and the googly is met by the batsman's bat swing. Swings across the line, and hammers this beyond the long-on boundary.
1 run, short of a length, stays low, hit hard to long-on for one.
2 runs, length ball back in, the batsman mistimes this hoick over midwicket.
1 run, length outside off, punched on the up to extra cover.
1 leg bye, appeal for lbw turned down. Good length ball hitting his in front of middle and leg as he shuffles for the flick. Probably missing leg stump with the angle.
no run, much fuller and on middle stump, the batsman, however, hangs back and taps it back to the left of the bowler.
no run, back of a length on middle, and the batsman pulls to deep midwicket. Refuses the single.
1 run, short outside off, cut away to deep cover.
1 run, attempted yorker on leg stump, and that's been inside-edged to the square-leg fielder.
no run, driven uppishly but on the bounce to backward point.
2 runs, full on off, and muscled inside out over cover. The fielder at wide long off has to run to his left, but manages to parry this back into play.
no run, short of a length, no room, defended from the crease.
1 run, on a length, straight, worked to leg for one.
no run, length on middle, fired in, defended.
OUT, are we even surprised anymore with this guy? The fielder with yet another perfectly timed jump at the boundary to help his team out. Good length ball at middle stump, steps out and looks to drag this over long-on. The fielder waits, jumps, lands and then is on the verge of losing his balance. So, once again, he lobs it up inside play and comes back for it. Calm as ever.
OUT, taken behind!. Good length in the corridor. the batsman deep in the crease looking to defend. It's an angled bat coming down towards midwicket. Manages to brush the outside edge.
SIX runs, short ball, and he latches on to this and biffs this straight over long off. Really well timed shot.
no run, another googly, and the batsman bends into a reverse sweep - but the fielder pulls off an excellent reflex stop at slip to keep him on strike.
1 run, flicks a quicker delivery on top of off stump through midwicket.
1 run, full and straight, worked to leg for one.
1 run, on his toes, and flicked behind square to deep backward for a single.
1 run, full and wide outside off, mistimed drive to sweeper.
SIX runs, another one, a similar result. This one's even bigger, into the second tier. the bowler delivers another half-volley and the batsman had the room to loft this cleanly.
1 run, good length outside off, but slow in the air. Punched off the back foot to long on for a walking single.
1 run, takes all the pace off the ball and keeps the line outside off - anticipating the batsman clearing his front leg, which would then mean he'd be off balance if he goes for the slog again. And that's exactly what happens. Great bowling. Mis-hit to long-on.
SIX runs, quicker, faster, and sliding into the pads, the batsman drops down to one knee and smokes a slog-sweep over the square-leg boundary. Bam!.
no run, full on leg, and the batsman walks down the ground to drive. Hit uppishly, and the ball lands just in front of the bowler. Nearly carried all the way.
1 run, length ball angled in at off stump. Closes the face and drags it to mid-on's left off the front foot.
no run, full and wide outside off. Chucks his hands at this and is beaten.
1 run, squeezes the drive wide of cover.
FOUR runs, poor from the bowler. Drifts this down leg, the batsman paddles this fine to beat the man at 45. Easy pickings.
no run, tries the big slog sweep, but is beaten by the carrom ball.
no run, on a length, straight, punched to midwicket.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, goes back and punches it towards midwicket with a straight bat.
no run, fuller on the stumps, driven towards the non-striker but the fielder dives across to make the stop.
1 run, backs away to go over cover but the bowler follows him, punched down to long on.
1 wide, full outside off, but the ball shapes further away. Goes beyond the tramlines ,extras.
FOUR runs, that was a normal pace delivery, very full outside off and the batsman clears his front leg to power it over extra cover for a much-needed boundary.
OUT, fuller and wider outside off, the batsman had to reach out for it, cannot get enough this time. Was a slower one as well and had the batsman let it go, it would have been a wide. But he ends up skying it towards long-off where the fielder settles under it.
SIX runs, beautifully lofted over mid off! Glorious strike. Good length outside off, he just lofted this with a check swing over mid off with ease and it goes all the way.
1 run, full outside leg, and enough time for the batsman to smother this over square leg. Whipped to the man at deep backward square.
1 run, good length outside off. Driven to mid-off's left on the rise.
1 run, full toss outside off, but all the batsman can do is muscle it down the ground to long off.
1 run, short and wide outside off, steps out and drives straight to extra cover.
1 run, slower ball, yorker length on the fifth stump line, he gets down on one knee to unleash a beautiful looking cover drive. But there is a sweeper cover back, so only a single.
1 run, bouncer at his helmet. Doesn't come on smoothly. Hooks to deep square off the inside half of the bat.
1 run, eases this full delivery down to long on.
no run, slower ball at a length on middle stump, backs away and taps into the off side on the rise.
no run, looked like an offcutter outside off, the batsman gets a thick inside edge to cover.
FOUR runs, incredible straight drive! Driving on the up, he smoked this down the ground straight of mid on!.
no run, hangs this one in the air, gets some dip on this, defended back to him.
FOUR runs, Dhawan is in some form. Dances down the wicket, turns this length ball into a half-volley, and drives it inside-out, all along the ground, past extra cover.
2 runs, hoicks a slower ball - short of a length too - out to deep midwicket.
no run, short and wide outside off, springs up and chucks his hands at this. Can't connect.
no run, fullish on off stump, he smashes it back to the bowler.
OUT, full on off stump, and the extravagant drive is sliced. In the air, and The fielder at short third man does the rest.
1 run, short slower ball, he pulls powerfully but straight to the man at deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, punched straight of midwicket for one.
1 run, short of a length, and the batsman goes back to cut this to deep cover.
1 run, knuckle ball on middle stump, the batsman delays his push and plays it to mid-off.
no run, on a length, just outside off, inside edge onto the boot.
no run, length ball, wide outside off, and punched off the back foot to cover point.
FOUR runs, short of a length and just outside off, walks into the leg side and punches to cover's left.
1 run, and again. Another short and wide slower ball, chopped away down to gully for one.
1 run, good length on leg stump, whipped to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, more luck for the batsman, top-edges this intended swipe across the line but it loops past the bowler and lands safe.
no run, tucks him for room with a length ball into the ribcage, defended back.
FOUR runs, flat dart outside off, the batsman uses the pace of the bowler, opens the face at the last moment and steers it fine of short third man.
1 run, length on leg stump, punched aerially towards long-on off the back foot.
1 run, good length outside off, and once again punched off the back foot. Hit behind square this time, and there's a man positioned in the deep.
1 wide, slower bouncer, he beats the hook, but has been wided.
no run, back of a length close to off stump, gets back and across to punch to short extra.
1 run, full on leg stump, and that's been driven past midwicket to the man in the deep. Nice crunching sound off the bat.
FOUR runs, lofted over mid-on! Full inswinging ball at middle stump and he uses the angle to close the face and clear the infield. Nice trademark forward stride on that too.
1 wide, low full toss, very very wide outside off.
FOUR runs, the batsman once again targets the deep midwicket area, length ball on the stumps, clears his front leg and smashes it away for a boundary.
1 run, length outside off, pushed to deep cover.
no run, short outside off, chops it away to point.
no run, a googly pitching on a length, the batsman goes the sweep and misses, trapped in front but it pitched outside leg. So the lbw appeal has been denied.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to mid-off's left.
no run, googly, spins in from a back of a length, and the batsman punches to cover.
1 run, shortish and angling into middle and leg, whipped wide of midwicket.
1 run, full fast and quick,full toss on off, pushed into the offside.
FOUR runs, he's showing he can pull off the delicate shots too. strays on the pads and he picks it off with finesse, getting the timing right and sending it screaming to the fine leg fence.
1 leg bye, full on middle, the batsman goes for a premeditated reverse sweep, there's an appeal for lbw as he misses but would have probably missed leg as well.
FOUR runs, past the diving fingers of the point fielder! the batsman didn't bother keeping this thrashing cut down, and the width meant the shot was very much on, but the ball flew just past the airborne fielder at backward point.
FOUR runs, too short, wide, and he goes back to cut it square of deep cover. Delays the cut to get this placement.
no run, slows this one down, 85ks, on a length, on off, holds its line. Defended.
1 run, the fielder jumps and keeps this in at deep midwicket. Short ball. the batsman hooks and miscues. the fielder runs to his right and recognises that he might not be in control if he goes with both hands to catch this. So he gets his left hand across and pushes this in from in front of his right shoulder like a goalkeeper. Superb dexterity.
1 run, good length on leg stump, and that's been flicked off his pads to deep backward square.
1 run, slower ball (quicker than many quicks' on-pace ball), on a length, outside leg, off the leading edge to mid-off.
FOUR runs, bye-bye! Don't. Bowl. Short. It's climbing up at the batsman's shoulder but he has swiveled much before it can get close and swatted to this to the long leg boundary.
no run, punched back to the bowler. Looked to work it from way outside off towards midwicket.
no run, slower ball, back of a length on leg stump and tapped on the up to mid-on.
no run, defended with an angled bat, towards short third man. Nice flight again from the bowler.
FOUR runs, length, angles across him, and he scoops this up and laps this down towards fine leg. Top shot!. Ensured that he kept it beyond the reach of deep backward square leg.
2 runs, a full toss outside off is badly hit to deep cover for a couple. the batsman wanted to hit that over long-off but the ball skewed away.
no run, short of a length outside off, punched to extra cover.
2 runs, full on middle stump, and once again whipped to the leg side with soft hands. The fielder late to attack the ball, which therefore allows them to take another double.
1 wide, bouncer, too high, The keeper has to leap full length to prevent byes. Called wide.
1 run, dropped very short outside off but he can only get the pull straight to long-on.
no run, tries the big hit down the ground, but, the bowler has bowled this slow and smart, getting both drift and dip. Beats him, hits him on the pad in front, but this pitched outside leg. the batsman lucky to get away with this. Had he got bat on this, there was a good chance of holing out.
no run, almost a yorker, at off stump, the batsman jams his bat at it.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, on the back foot, hurriedly poked through cover.
1 run, the batsman slashes, but he doesn't get all of this and the ball bounces down to third man, just the single.
1 run, fired full on the pads, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 run, full and straight, hit to long-on for one.
no run, looks to arch back and upper cut this short delivery, beaten by the zip.
no run, the fielder nearly takes a stunner. They go upstairs. The soft signal is not out. This is short of a length, and has been punched wide of extra cover, but the fielder dives full length to get a hand on it. He never is in control of the ball and grasses it. And his reaction suggested the same, but they still went upstairs. Not sure why we needed to do that.
no run, yorker wide outside off, and it's even the slower ball. Batsman stretches outwards to reach at it, but can't connect.
FOUR runs, short and wide, reaches out this time and goes with the turn. Gets a nice little swing at this and gets it between point and backward point.
1 run, shortish on off stump, slower one, pulled to deep square leg.
OUT, taken at mid-on! More reckless cricket against good bowling. Dropped short and rising in the corridor. He looks to pull him. Not quite the pitch to do that yet. It's off the toe and spooned to the fielder's right there.
1 run, back of a length and skids in to hit the thigh.
1 run, darted outside off, drilled through the line to sweeper cover.
no run, on a length, on top of off, defended back to him.
1 run, length ball around off, goes back and flicks it towards square leg.
SIX runs, the quicker one, the batsman knew what was coming. All he does is chip a lofted flick over long-on. Full and very quick, smashed!.
FOUR runs, past short fine leg! He's the only fielder up on the leg side and the bowler bowls a yorker outside leg-stump. All the batsman needs to do is place it and he does that very very well.
1 run, length ball on off, and angling in. He mistimes a flick towards the leg side, ball rolls away to square leg.
1 run, on a length, angling in, worked away for a single to deep square leg.
no run, full on off, and bunted back to the bowler off the back foot.
FOUR runs, good length outside off, and once again played delicately! Stays on the back foot and opens his bat's face to play the cut between backward point and short third man. Deft from the batsman.
no run, lobbed up and drilled back at the bowler, does well to get a hand on it.
no run, tosses it up from around the wicket on middle stump. the batsman tucks it to midwicket.
no run, insists he has taken the catch and the keeper might just have turned the game with a one-handed stunner! The on-field officials take it to the third umpire, but the soft signal is not out. First replays indicate the ball might just have touched the turf before the keeper scoops it up. So the batsman can heave a sigh of relief and think about improving on that cut shot. He did make room to try and get the gap to the left of point. And almost managed it too.
2 runs, banged in short and outside off, the batsman skies a pull over midwicket. The ball eludes the fielder running in from the deep.
no run, slower ball outside off, the batsman has a slash but misses, the fielder, who collected it quite low was briefly interested but none of his teammates were, probably for good reason.
1 leg bye, slower offcutter again, hits the batsman on the thigh pad as he looks to pull. Just one leg-bye.
1 run, full slower ball at off stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 run, good length on middle and moving a touch away, punched to deep cover.
1 run, slower ball, in the slot, and he flicks this is in the air towards long leg. the fielder, has lost this in the lights, but goes back to make sure he prevents the boundary.
no run, skids down the wicket second ball, but the bowler holds his own and fallows him as he backs away. Hits him on the thigh pad.
1 run, slower and shorter outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, clears long-on with ease. the bowler lobs this right in the batsman's hitting arc at leg stump. He shuffles his feet and gets entangled somewhat, but has managed to keep his balance and drill this flat.
SIX runs, whew, clean! Nice anticipation of the yorker and even better execution of the sweep. Low full outside off, he's down, nearly both knees on the floor and lifts it over square leg who was in the circle.
no run, length on middle, the batsman comes forward and pushes it back to the bowler with a straight bat. Good length, however.
1 run, short of a length outside off, chopped down to third man.
2 runs, short of a length, into the body, short-arm pull forward of deep square, and the fielder makes a diving save.
1 run, good length and swung in at off stump. Hurriedly dropped into the off side with soft hands.
1 leg bye, low full toss into the pad, they get a leg-bye.
1 run, toe-ends a whip to the keeper, did it take the pad? No, umpire seems to signal it was off the bat. A very thin edge if ever there was.
1 run, now comes the ugly slog. Good length on middle and leg, a wild swing from the batsman. Inside-edged into the pad for one.
no run, worked to the leg side, on the back foot.
1 run, good length and in at middle, pushed into the off side with soft hands.
1 run, driven to deep cover for one.
SIX runs, huge strike. Too full, too straight, the batsman advances and gets right underneath it before shovelling it straight over.
no run, full and just outside off, driven back firmly to the bowler's left. He sticks out a hand to stop.
1 run, full and wide, driven to deep cover for one.
FOUR runs, fuller outside off, almost a yorker once again, the batsman throws his bat at it, gets an inside edge past the stumps. Lucky four there.
no run, accurate! Pitches on off, and keeps it tight. Too close to the batsman's body to play it anyway. Chooses to fend it off the back foot.
1 wide, full toss wide down the leg side. the batsman thinks he has missed out on a boundary.
1 run, slower short ball again, pulled to deep midwicket for one.
no run, fuller, outside off, and he drives this towards mid off.
1 run, slower ball, and he swings this hard, and it goes off the toe-end towards short third man.
no run, fuller around off, comes forward and opens the face to run it towards short third man, no run.
1 run, short of a length, wicket to wicket, runs this down to third man for one.
1 run, good length around off, lets it come on before opening the face to run it down to third man.
no run, slower ball, does him in, beats him outside off as he looks to push at it.
no run, slower length ball following him down leg side. He sets up for the slog and is beaten.
no run, full on middle tump, and the batsman whips it off his pads towards the leg side.
no run, on a length outside off, clipped to short midwicket.
no run, wide length ball, not called wide because the umpire has decided the batsman moved across. But this is still too wide.
1 run, slow again, full, on off, driven to deep point for one.
1 run, full on off, he skips down the wicket and drills it to mid-off's right, where the fielder does well to time his dive and keep it to one.
no run, back of a length, tight on off stump, no turn. Makes a bit of room and chops to backward point.
1 run, length on middle, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, length, and he makes some room to punch this towards cover. The fielder has to move to his left to stop this.
1 leg bye, good length outside off, skips into line for the flick but cops it on the pad.
1 run, they're choosing to deal with singles for now. Tossed up on off again, and driven to long off.
2 runs, length outside off, leans back and pushes it past point for two.
no run, length ball, and he comes forward to defend this.
no run, beaten. Shuffling, dancing, skipping, slashing. Short of a length ball outside off and the batsman has to play the cut backing away after all that. It's past him quickly.
1 run, there won't we a tie. Full ball, the batsman looks to hit this to leg, and skies vertically. the bowler is ambling towards the catch and runs into another fielder. Misses on a wicket but he has sealed the game.
FOUR runs, full on middle, the batsman walks across - at the risk of missing it and being lbw - and flicks this to the fine leg boundary.
OUT, he's bowled him with a beauty! Started well outside off and swung back in sharply as the batsman came down on it with an angled bat, getting a slight inside edge back onto his stumps.
SIX runs, shot! the batsman with the quality! Predicts the line and length again, has his front leg out of the way, a strong base as he waits like a boxer. The bowler delivers, full at off stump, and he bludgeons this straight and flats.
1 run, top spinner, he's back and working this to midwicket for a single.
FOUR runs, short, well outside off, but the batsman pulls this away wide of mid-on. Keeps it down. Makes sure he doesn't go to deep cover, which will get him just the single.
FOUR runs, too short, and the batsman spots it, makes room and cuts it powerfully to the point boundary. Despairing dive by the fielder but he can't stop the boundary despite getting a hand to the ball.
FOUR runs, nails this one. Was expecting the short one and set himself up for it, the bowler's line was too straight, giving the batsman more time to go back and connect with the pull.
no run, oooh, gets an outside edge first ball. Another slower one, and that is what has saved the batsman with the ball dropping in front of slip.
1 run, googly. Length and spinnning in from off stump. the batsman watchful as he taps it through midwicket.
no run, good length and in at off stump, watchfully patted into the covers.
SIX runs, length, wide, and he has smashed this right back down the ground, way over long off. We know he's capable of this. The length was right in the slot .
no run, short of a length, on-pace, no room, pushed back to him.
1 leg bye, length ball on the pads, fails to put the bat on it but will collect a leg-bye.
2 runs, fuller on the stumps, stands tall and smashes it past the non-striker, a sliding stop by long-on keeps it to two.
no run, short and outside off, swished to point.
1 bye, beaten and the keeper fumbles too. Short and just outside off, looks to chop but that dips in and is past the inside edge. Keeps on moving to the fielders left and it looks like it's hit him awkwardly on the fingers. He's getting some help from the physio.
1 wide, short and down leg side, too quick for him to connect on the pull.
1 run, short of a length, into the pads, worked into the leg side for one.
1 leg bye, a full toss down leg, would you want it anywhere else? the batsman did not expect such a friendly delivery and reaches the ball very late. The ball hits the front pad, sliding down.
1 run, straying into the pads again, clipped to long leg.
SIX runs, Length ball, wide outside off, and the batsman waits for the ball to come to him, before flat-batting a six over long off.
1 run, on a length, legbreak, punched down to long-off to bring up his fifty. An innings that has completely turned this game around.
1 run, wrong'un, short of a length, punched down to long-on for one.
OUT, huge wicket. the batsman clears the front leg to slog to leg, but the bowler has been superb. Unerring with his length. Short of a length, cross-seam, lands on the seam, bounces, and takes the top edge through to the keeper.
no run, back of the hand again, but this length ball outside off can't be put away. Spotted it early, and tried to pull it towards cow corner, but the shot comes off the bat's toe end. The batsman looks at his blade to see the damage .
1 run, punched to deep point.
FOUR runs, back of a length outside off, and angling away from the batsman. Enough room for him to free his arms, and it's been caressed past cover off the back foot. The diving effort from cover not good enough.
SIX runs, tossed up, and he has gone straight, and far, and wide .
1 run, full ball, and he flicks this away towards deep midwicket. The fielder down at the fence gets to the ball to his right and rifles in a quick throw, to keep it down to one.
no run, short of a length on off, stands tall and punches towards mid-on.
1 run, full slower ball on middle, reaches out and flicks to short fine.
no run, that's brisk and painful! Short of a length, the batsman looks to whip across the line and is taken high between the legs.
no run, on a length, middle and leg, defended back to him.
1 run, falls short of a fielder who sprints in from deep midwicket, puts in a slide, and does superbly to push the ball back into play on the half-volley with his right. Dropped short from the bowler, an aerial pull from the batsman.
1 run, slower ball on off, pushed towards point for one.
1 run, full at middle and leg, clipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower, flighted, worked into the leg side for one.
no run, sharp turn from length outside off, defended.
1 run, the bowler bowls this one much slower as the batsman comes down, he waits and cuts yet again.
no run, short of a length, chest-high, and he pushes inside its line.
FOUR runs, carrom ball. A touch too short, and he has pulled this from well outside off for a four through midwicket.
SIX runs, after two good balls, he serves Sharma a short ball, and he pulls him clean over midwicket. It is the short boundary too.
1 run, fuller length, at his pads, and he flicks this away towards long leg.
1 run, good length, into off, he defends to the gap at cover-point for one.
1 run, full and straight, dug out to long-on for one.
1 run, back of a length outside off, badly timed towards mid-on.
1 run, well played, but the fielder gets across quickly at mid-off to keep it to a single. It's a length ball and he drives handsomely on the up.
SIX runs, gets underneath the length and hammers this into the top tier at long-off.
SIX runs, slapped! Slower ball, really full outside off, and he clears his front leg, before flat-batting a six over wide long off.
1 run, flapped down to long on, just the one.
1 run, top-edges a slog sweep,  falls in no man's land.  a fielder from deep midwicket. A fielder from wide long on and neither can get there. For a while,  they were on a collision course .
FOUR runs, launches the short ball outside off to the square leg boundary, bisecting the two men in the deep. That's brilliant hitting.
no run, fullish,  and outside off, The batsman steps forward and lets it go.
no run, good length and ripping in sharply from off. Poked out to midwicket off the back foot.
no run, a short delivery outside off, a very clever change in length to earn himself a dot ball. Banged in and the batsman ducks. One over, one for one.
FOUR runs, helps this slower length ball over short third man, no one there. Cleverly done.
FOUR runs, tossed up slower and higher outside off, the batsman stretches out for a sweep and nails it to the left of deep square leg for four.
1 run, top edge, where does it land? Just before long on who runs in a long way from the boundary. What luck for the batsman. He pulled the short ball and didn't get enough.
no run, slashes and misses. Knuckle ball again. Grips on the pitch and climbs over his attempted square drive on the up.
1 run, flatter, quicker, pitched up and outside off. The batsman drives through the covers.
2 runs, full toss sliding down leg, tickled down to fine leg where the fielder covers good ground to effect a tumbling stop, saved two runs for the side.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended into the covers.
no run, the bowler, finally, is into his work for the evening, sliding one in to the batsman to start.
1 run, short of a length, off-pace again, pushed wide of extra cover for another single. Just the singles off this over.
OUT, straight quick length ball. the bowler hits the wicket.
no run, slower ball at a length on off stump, defended into the pitch off the front foot.
1 run, drilled down the ground for a single to long-off. A good result if it is not a six. At least he has the strike.
1 run, full and flighted, whipped away with the spin.
FOUR runs, slower ball, but too close to leg stump, and the batsman waits on it, moves a bit inside the line, and whips this away towards long leg.
FOUR runs, flays this to get a thick outside edge that beats short third man. Streaky but he'll take it. Don't think he picked the wrong'un.
no run, good length on off, tapped to short mid-on.
no run, short of a length, backs away and cuts to point.
no run, pace like fire. Carry like trampoline. Just short of a length, and the batsman flails his bat at it. Beaten. The keeper collects this in front of his face.
SIX runs, one-handed six over long-on. He can walk on water tonight? The bowler shortens his length, the batsman holds his shape and then wallops this.
no run, another review sent up for lbw, this time by the bowling team. Googly hits him in front of leg as he gets forward to defend this. Surely that's sliding down yes it is. Missing leg. The batsman needed a lot of convincing and took it right at the end.
1 run, full toss on the pads, clipped to deep squareleg.
1 run, length, cramping him up, tucked away to deep squarelg for one.
SIX runs, the bowler bowls a legbreak, pitches it short, and the batsman doesn't need a second invitation to pull him over the short boundary over midwicket. This was the wrong'un, but didn't turn at all.
1 run, right behind the line as he tucks this wide of midwicket for an easy single.
no run, pushed through outside off, he late cuts with fast hands straight to short third man.
2 runs, tossed up full outside off, gets forward and slices to sweeper's right.
no run, good length outside off, and no spin this time. Cut off the back foot, but straight to point.
1 run, too short, he pulls to deep square.
no run, bouncer, on leg, gets it high, and the batsman ducks under it. And suddenly the follow-through is longer.
1 run, two fielders mess up a catch! Never thought I'd ever type this sentence. It was full on off, and the batsman slices his drive. It's in the air for ages, and a fielder to get under it from cover and the ball lands between.
FOUR runs, lovely! Short on middle, and the batsman adjusts towards the off side, and flicks it fine past the keeper's left. Collects four to end the over.
FOUR runs, that is unlucky for the bowler, but the batsman will take it. Goes wide on the crease, bowls a big bouncer, the batsman pulls, gets a top edge, over the wicketkeeper.
1 run, bangs in a back of a length delivery at middle and leg, and the batsman flicks off the pads to deep backward square leg.
1 bye, backs away and swings wildly at this back of a length delivery and misses. Gets past the keeper as well after missing leg stump.
OUT, short ball does it. the batsman was backing away to give himself room and swat through the legside, but the bowler had seen that in his last over and bowled a pacy short one closer to the batsman, denying him room. He goes through with the pull anyway but gets it near the end of the bat, and the ball loops to long-on, where the fielder takes a good low catch tumbling forward.
no run, length outside off, pushed to cover.
no run, the batsman is going to hurt his back if he keeps swinging this hard at the ball! I'm not sure where he was looking to hit this, but if he had managed to put bat on ball, it would have travelled. As it happens, he's beaten outside off.
no run, full, outside off, some swing, defended to cover.
1 run, length ball, drifts it in towards off, drilled into the leg side off the inside of the bat.
1 run, short and across him outside off. Cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, full slower ball outside off, leans in and flicks through midwicket.
FOUR runs, short, and he swings this around towards long leg. One-bounce four for the batsman!.
no run, slides one away, the batsman looks at the umpire in anticipation of a wide, but not given and rightly so.
1 run, slower and fuller on middle and leg, flicked to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, pumped straight! Slower good length ball outside off, he steps out, meets it on the rise and puts one of the cleanest hits of the night. It's flat and to long-on's left.
FOUR runs, crunched to the cover boundary. Short and wide outside off. He springs onto his toes and slaps this in front of square with a horizontal bat.
no run, shapes to pull, misses. Wasn't far from his gloves. Skiddy bouncer from the bowler.
FOUR runs, that sweep earlier sent the deep midwicket to deep square leg, and the bowler proceeds to bowl short, and the batsman pulls this to deep midwicket for four.
no run, pitched up on off, presses forward and drives to cover.
no run, short and just outside off, cut on the bounce to backward point.
SIX runs, nails this one. Slower ball, short of a good length. Short enough  for him to line it up and club it flat over the fielder.
no run, wide of the crease, fired onto the pads, nudged to square leg.
1 wide, bouncer, wide outside off. Too short and sailing over his head.
1 run, opens the face to get a single to point this time.
1 run, skiddy length ball, the batsman is cramped for room as he hops back and defends back past the bowler for a single.
1 run, straighter ball, and he pushes this towards midwicket and picks up a quick single.
no run, quick, flat legbreak, the batsman is tentative as he pushes at it from deep inside the crease. Just gets an outside edge, past slip.
2 runs, slower ball veering into the pads, picked off to long leg.
2 runs, on a length, no turn, punched between deep square and deep midwicket for a rare two at this ground.
no run, beaten by a lovely awayswinger. Shapes to drive, minimal feet movement as the batsman looked to lace that through extra cover.
1 run, good length on middle and angling away from the batsman. Goes onto the back foot, and whips this down the ground to long on.
FOUR runs, plants his foot across and paddles it fine against the turn and it's gone really fine to beat the fielder.
no run, short ball, and dug in to the pitch. The batsman was shaping to look for the pull, but that hurries on to him, and he eventually just blocks it with a dead bat.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched to deep cover. No turn.
1 run, but the bowler keeps hunting those pads. Punched down to long-on for one. Good over so far.
FOUR runs, slapped back over the bowler's head! What a shot! He just planted the foot and slapped it flat and straight down the ground!.
no run, short of a length, outside off, gets a bottom edge.
FOUR runs, a short delivery, at a gentle, the batsman latches on and pulls high over midwicket.
no run, pushed through on middle, presses forward and drives to mid-off.
1 wide, yorker, but way outside leg stump. the batsman misses the flick, but he still earns the run.
1 run, length at off stump, squared up but opens the face and runs it down to third man.
1 run, gets this to straighten from off stump, squirted behind point for a quick single.
no run, back of a length, just outside off, and the batsman looks to pull. Misses, and the ball flies over his blade. Goes into the keeper's gloves.
1 run, slow, on a length, outside off, pushed wide of cover for one.
FOUR runs, get outta the way, bowler! Gets it full and at middle stump. the batsman into the leg side, two steps, and drills it past the bowler's head. Mid-off is in the circle.
1 run, offcutter on leg stump, and the ball spins into the batsman. Tries to work it towards the leg side, but takes a leading edge towards cover.
1 run, good length and cramped at leg stump. Pushed to midwicket's right.
1 run, short of a length at leg stump, clipped to midwicket.
2 runs, steps out, makes room and slaps this to cover where the fielder misfields to give away two. To be fair though this was struck really hard.
no run, full and straight, good to see the batsman go after a ball that deserves it. No point fretting over what has happened last over. Driven crisply but straight to mid-on.
FOUR runs, pitched up, he heaves to the leg side and doesn't quite middle it but gets enough to make it past midwicket and deep square leg.
no run, tentative push at one pushed through outside off. Beaten.
1 run, short of a length, and again no power in a pull shot. Single to deep midwicket this time.
no run, a touch fuller but once again wide outside off, swings across and gets it off the toe-end of the bat, rolls towards short third man.
1 run, the bowler lucky to get away with this one. On a length, down leg, but the batsman has fhund short fine leg.
2 runs, full on leg, and he drills this down the ground to wide long on. They take a quick single, and hesitate for the second, but misfield from the fielder allows them to complete the double.
no run, tossed up on off, he defends on the front foot.
1 run, flicks this low full toss on middle and leg to deep midwicket.
1 run, drags it too short, the batsman goes deep in his crease and whips it to midwicket.
1 run, short, and he swings this away towards long leg.
1 run, legcutter, length and just outside off. Slices on the up towards sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, makes room and punches this length ball through extra cover, The fielder was after it but the ball kept gathering pace as it raced off the turf.
1 run, googly, short and turning into off stump. Punched to sweeper's right.
no run, googly at leg stump, can't turn that away off the pitch.
no run, fullish on off, pushed to cover.
no run, raps him on the pad after getting this to nip back in off the pitch. the batsman tentative as he looks to defend this.
1 run, tossed up down leg side, whipped out to deep backward square.
no run, goes around the wicket for a pitched-up offcutter which the batsman defends, careful not to be sucked into playing the angle and popping a leading edge.
1 run, overpitched on leg stump, flicked out to deep midwicket.
no run, wide on the crease, angles a length ball in, hits him high on the bat.
SIX runs, the fielder at the same position, long on for right-hander, he jumps with a big stretch near the rope and just gets a hand to it. Was really really tough after the batsman lofted it straight almost effortlessly.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, pushed straight to cover and they scamper through for one.
1 run, nudges a fuller delivery on middle through midwicket.
1 run, a clear sign he has no sign which way it's spinning. A lovely slog sweep, inside-edged to fine leg.
1 wide, big slower ball, loopy full toss outside leg. This is called wide. A never-ending over.
no run, tossed up on off stump. Flighted, but defended with ease towards the off side.
no run, fired in, middle and leg, no pace, and the fielder makes an excellent diving save to his right to deny them a single.
no run, floats this full on the stumps, The batsman rooted to the crease as he defends back.
1 run, thick outside edge to third man as he looks to slice this towards point.
1 run, good length on middle stump, shuffles across and flicks this behinds square on the leg side. Played off his hips.
1 run, googly, short of a length on middle stump. Nudged to midwicket's right off the back foot.
1 wide, short and down leg side, lets that one go.
no run, another attempted legbreak that doesn't turn and goes on with the angle. Hit straight to midwicket.
no run, good length and angled across outside off. Left alone.
1 run, short of a length, backs away as it angles into him and steers through point.
1 run, a very slow slower ball on off, pushed in front of point for one.
2 runs, wow, has he stopped that from six? The standard of fielding today is exceptional. A slog sweep looks to clear deep midwicket. The fielder is right on the boundary, sticks out his right hand and stops the momentum of the ball, his hand on its downward trajectory then pushes the ball back into the field of play.
no run, sharp bouncer to end his spell. the batsman ducks it.
1 run, good length on middle, and angling into his pads. the batsman goes deep inside the crease and punches it to long on.
1 run, drives the slow, tossed up delivery outside off, rather gently through the covers.
1 run, in the blockhole on off stump, low full-toss but low enough to count as a yorker. Stabbed down to long-off.
no run, quicker, flatter, straighter, pushed to cover.
1 wide, slower ball, gone wrong, wide down the leg side.
1 run, full on middle and off, but angling across the batsman. Thumped off the backfoot, past the non-striker, to long off.
FOUR runs, slow sweep into the big side of the ground. Not often do you see the batsman sweep. And he has placed this straight of deep square leg.
no run, this one keeps low to beat the underedge as he looked to punch.
1 run, off-stump yorker, dug away to third man.
FOUR runs, crunched over extra cover. Googly at a length outside off, steps out to that and lifts it cleanly after holding his shape.
FOUR runs, goes through with the shot and just eludes the fielder at deep midwicket. magnificent effort. Gets away with the release shot does the batsman Didn't get to the pitch of this tossed up delivery but went through with that whip. Top, top effort from the fielder, running around the ropes.
SIX runs, the batsman is looking for an early night here. Short ball, only about rib-high, and he swivels with it to pull it up and over and just behind square.
1 run, length outside off, goes back and cuts it towards deep point.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, good length on off stump, and the batsman gets his front foot out of the way to thump it over deep midwicket! Just a bit too short from the bowler.
no run, the batsman looks to move inside the line, and tries to guide a length ball over the wicketkeeper, but misses.
SIX runs, shot! Nice flowing slog through the line from the batsman. Big ground, but he's cleared it with some ease. Length ball at middle and he jumps down and goes on the rise, over the wide long-on boundary.
no run, the bowler gets one to straighten away against the exaggerated angle and beats the outside edge.
no run, That's snorter and the batsman's caught in an awkward tangle! Short and fast, directed at the body, the batsman didn't know where to go, nearly overbalanced but somehow evaded it.
FOUR runs, length outside off, goes back and cuts it past backward point, beats the man at sweeper cover as well. Played it late, used the pace of the bowler.
SIX runs, full on off stump, and it's in the batsman's arc. Small back lift but still hit over the fielder's head. Oof.
1 run, short ball down leg, he's missed out there. Ends up under-edging to short fine leg, but should have got a boundary to that.
1 run, the bowler drops a return catch! Tossed outside off, hint of turn, The batsman does not meet the pitch and drives. Instead, he chips it in the air to the right of the bowler. the bowler is late to react in his followthrough. The ball bursts through.
1 run, good length on middle stump, steps out and is beaten in flight. Luckily for him this is the stock legbreak turning into him. Punches to long-on.
no run, full on off and angling away. the batsman looks to hammer this through the offside, and mistimes to mid-off.
1 run, short, and he cuts this towards extra cover.
1 run, full on off stump, worked with the turn through square leg.
1 run, length ball on off stump, makes a bit of room and carves it to backward point.
1 run, back of a length on middle, swatted down to long-on.
FOUR runs, short ball outside off, not a lot of width, but it sits up nicely and the batsman opens his bat face and jabs it away, into the gap between backward point and short third man.
SIX runs, but the bowler sprays a full ball on the pads of the batsman, feeds the opener's strengths. The batsman simply picks it up and flicks it over the square leg boundary - the first of the night.
1 run, another short googly outside off, cut to deep point. One.
OUT, very very high again  but not far enough. This is a good catch from the fielder at deep midwicket. That was a juicy ball in the slot at leg stump, right there for the big slog. Big slog is what he does, but he might have fallen over into the off side a touch because he gets under it more than he desires. That must have wobbled but the fielder waits and waits and then rolls into the turf in relief after taking it.
no run, looks for the pull but this one skids through and stays a touch low, beating hi and hitting him on the box.
1 wide, bouncer that goes well over the batsman who doesn't even duck.
1 run, short and just outside off, punched to sweeper cover.
1 run, full outside off, and he drives this straight over the umpire. Hit well, but too well. That means it's only a single as long on cuts it off.
FOUR runs, cross-seam bouncer, at his body, but the batsman pulls him over midwicket. The free hit has given him the freedom.
1 run, full slower ball outisde off, hangs back and lofts this to long-on's left.
no run, leg break, did it take the edge, as it trickled towards short fine leg? Never mind, it has fallen short. They have disturbed the stumps at the striker's end, but the batsman was back!.
no run, length ball on middle, and punched from off stump to mid off.
no run, length on middle and leg, defended into the leg side off the inside half.
1 run, yorker at middle stump, flicks it into his pad and gets only a single in the covers.
SIX runs, steps out and slaps it on the up over the bowler! That is an incredible shot because he's been beaten in flight but still manages to get six. It's slow and dipping at a length outside off. He's almost had to go flat-batted to clear the rope, the way you would after you step out to a fast bowler.
1 run, another slower ball, full, drilled away to long-off. Hands the strike back.
no run, yorker outside off, chopped to deep point.
1 run, flicked off the toes for one more.
1 run, full on off stump, driven to long-off.
1 wide, full and wide outside off, gets the stride into the leg side and has a one-handed swish at this. The angle's taken it away from him.
1 wide, leg break fired down leg and called wide.
SIX runs, lovely clean strike they are going after the bowler. This is on-pace and in the slot, and he shuffles across to get close to it and lofts him back over his had.
no run, good length and pushed across off stump, looks to push through the covers with minimal feet. That's flown past him.
1 run, short of a length, stays low, pulled to wide long-on for one.
1 run, another low full toss, but lower than the last one, and he can't get under it. Single to long-on.
1 leg bye, quick length ball, outside leg, beats him, goes for a leb-bye.
2 runs, short outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
no run, length ball on the fifth stump line, The batsman went for the drive again, but didn't move his feet. Gets the under-edge back to the bowler.
no run, the batsman looks for a six first up, and is beaten by a quick bouncer.
1 run, the batsman shuffles across for a scoop to fine leg, the bowler hurls it wide outside off, the batsman checks his shot and slices it to point.
no run, solidly defended off the backfoot.
1 run, falls short of third man where the fielder is stationed. the batsman steps out and loses shape as he looks to slog across the line to this length ball in the corridor.
no run, width and too short outside off but he finds point with his slash.
1 run, slower ball gone wrong. High full toss down the leg side. the batsman has pulled this straight to fine leg.
1 run, flicked away uppishly to deep square leg for a run.
FOUR runs, pierces the gap another slower one, he cleared his front leg and slapped this, perfectly placed between cover and mid-off, all the way to the boundary.
no run, short of a length just outside off, walks down at him and gets out a short-arm pull. Can't beat midwicket to the right.
1 run, really slow in the air, middle and leg, driven with soft hands down to long-on for one.
2 wide, full and down leg side, whips out at it but can't connect. The fielder doesn't collect cleanly.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to short fine's left.
2 runs, good length on leg stump, gets deep in the crease and pushes with soft hands through square leg. The bigger side, that.
1 run, length and pushed across off stump, leans in and drives with the angle to long-off's left.
no run, looks for third man again, angling the face of the bat against a shortish delivery coming into him. No connection.
1 run, reverse sweep is hit well, but sweeper slides to his right and cuts this off. Picked from a length outside off and hit aerially.
1 run, full legcutter, driven to long-on for one.
2 runs, tossed up outside off, slightly overpitched, driven to the left of long-off for a couple.
1 run, non-turning length ball, pretty wide outside off, the batsman punches it through point.
FOUR runs, the bowler hasn't learnt. Keeps giving width and keeps getting whacked! the batsman clears his front leg and slaps this to the extra cover boundary. Very poor.
FOUR runs, lovely lofted cover drive! This was elegant. He leaned into a full delivery and just lifted it inside out over cover. He did it so simply.
2 runs, backs away to the leg side, and cuts this good-length ball over point. Excellent from the fielder in the deep, who races across the boundary line and collects from deep point.
FOUR runs, back of a length, but wide outside off. the batsman can't wait no more as he walks down the ground and meets this cutter from near his chest. Pulled into the gap between wide long on and deep midwicket.
OUT, got him! Through the hook shot too early, is the batsman, and he ends up getting a feather off the toe of the bat which carries comfortably to the keeper. A short ball and he made plenty of room for the swing, but the timing is just off.
1 run, pushed out to deep cover to keep the strike.
2 runs, length on middle, hurries onto him but he pushes it down the ground and they come through for two.
no run, length ball on middle and off, jabbed back to the bowler from the crease.
1 run, short of a length, nipping in off the seam. Inside edge onto pad and a single in the covers as he looks to punch on the up.
no run, appeal for catch behind as the bowler cuts through him. Short of a good length and cramping him at the thigh. It's gone through to the keeper off the thigh guard.
1 run, more towards middle and much shorter, pulled to leg.
no run, full on leg, and the batsman comes dancing down the wicket. Misses the drive, and it hits his front leg. Impact outside leg.
1 run, short of a length on off, opens the face and runs it towards point for a quick single.
1 run, too full and the batsman comes on the front foot to flick it to long-on's right.
2 runs, low full toss on leg stump, and he manages to clip this towards deep midwicket. Enough time to run back for the second.
FOUR runs, quick bouncer, he gets inside the line and pulls this to the left of deep square for four.
no run, googly, good length and turning in from wide outside off. Big stride out to defend.
1 run, outside off now and steered towards point for one.
2 runs, back of a length on off stump, swatted away to the left of deep midwicket.
1 run, yorker floated up at off stump, squeezed down to long-on off the toe-end.
no run, yorker just outside off, exposes the stumps to try and carve that. Can only get it to backward point on the bounce. A yorker that one.
FOUR runs, wide half-volley. Looking to toss this up, but doesn't get the drop he is after. the batsman drives this trhough extra cover for four.
1 run, looks for the outrageous reverse sweep to low full tosses. Easy into it, and the front edge gets him just a single.
no run, full on off stump, and that's a beautiful drive down the ground. Played off the front foot, but intercepted by mid on.
OUT, taken at long-off. This is smart bowling from a bowler in full control against the batsman. Knew the batsman would be itching to step down the track and pushed his googly wide outside off and just short of a good length. The batsman is reaching out for it in the end and it's a simple chip for Buttler to hold at long-off.
FOUR runs, another yorker gone wrong. Low full toss, and he drives it between mid-off and extra cover. He bowled so well when bowling cutters into the pitch, but yorkers are not working. Because he us missing them.
1 run, short of a length, down the leg side, and he has pulled this straight to long leg, He is disappointed with himself.
1 run (no ball), flat googly towards the stumps and the batsman defends it back. Oh, no ball for overstepping. Ouch, harsh call from the umpire, Long.
FOUR runs, almost carries all the way, short in length this time, angling down the leg side once again, The batsman swivels to pull it behind square leg.
no run, short of a length, wide outside off, third leave of the over. This one nips back in after crossing the stumps.
no run, run out chance missed What was the batsman thinking there? Short ball outside off, the batsman pushed it to the fielder at point. The batsman charged down the pitch and was more than halfway down before turning back. The fielder unleashed a throw but didn't hit the stumps.
2 runs, flighted and outside off, the batsman backs away, collapses his back leg and drives inside-out over extra-cover.
1 run, short ball, at off, draws a bottom edge on the pull for a single to mid-on.
1 run, short ball, waist-high, swivel-pulls this to long leg.
no run, short of a length, wide, away from the hitting arc. Hit straight to extra cover.
1 run, short of a length and turning away slowly outside off. A laboured pull down to long-on.
no run, cramped for room with a skiddy delivery, defended towards cover. Fine first over.
no run, full on off, hint of away movement their, pushed to mid-off.
no run, slower ball, on and around off stump, the batsman picks it up rather late, tries to punch it down the ground. Makes no contact as the ball flicks the top flap of the pad and goes through to the keeper.
1 run, short ball, and he drives this away towards deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, picks the length early and slaps this over midwicket, one bounce to the ropes. Just a touch too short from the bowler.
SIX runs, length, and he smacks this straight back over the bowler.
1 run, full and angling in at off stump, tapped down to wide long-on.
no run, full on middle stump, and the bowler's still getting that beautiful shape into the left-hander. Driven off the front foot to mid off. Says no to the run.
SIX runs, The fielder parries it for a six! Low full toss on middle, and he flicks this off his hips to the leg side. The fielder - at deep backward square - runs across the boundary to take the catch, and he manages to get his hands to the ball, but it flies over the boundary-line.
1 run, good length and gripping outside off. Waits on it and hammers to long-on's right.
1 run, punches this length ball to point to get off the mark.
1 run, googly, short of a length and turning away from middle. Closes the face and glances to deep square's left.
no run, length ball, outside off and turning further away. the batsman tries to cut, but misses, and the keeper quickly whips the bails off. They're checking for a stumping chance because the batsman had lost his balance while trying to play that shot. Replays suggest he's got something behind the line. Safe.
FOUR runs, pick-up shot to the long leg boundary. Full and into the pads. Deep square is pretty straight and he closes the face to get this well fine of him.
1 run, full and outside off, not quite a yorker, scythed to deep point.
FOUR runs, a bouncer but down the leg side, the batsman goes for the pull, wasn't in control but somehow manages to pull it towards fine leg for four.
no run, fullish, angled in, pats it away towards midwicket.
OUT, tossed up on middle, googly, the batsman probably picked it as he went for the reverse sweep, but only managed to glove it to the keeper.
OUT,  what a catch that is! He seems to pull off one or two of these every season, doesn't he? He's stationed a few yards in on the point boundary, and the batsman makes a bit of room and slaps this off-stump length ball ferociously in his direction. It's travelling at high pace, and it's over his head, and by the time he jumps up and catches it, right arm fully stretched over his head, the ball is almost behind him. Still manages to hold on while he tumbles backwards.
1 run, the batsman steps out, the bowler shortens his length, forced down to long-off off the back foot.
2 runs, length ball pushed wide outside off and he spanks this on the up. Gets a lot of bat on it too, but the fielder stops low to his right at short extra.
SIX runs, launched over deep midwicket. Dropped short, a googly, but outside off. Sits up nicely and the lofted pull rarely fails off this particular bat.
1 run, tucked out to midwicket once more.
OUT, direct hit from the fielder! the batsman is struggling. The fielder swoops in from mid-off to pick up his mistimed drive and fells the stumps the batsman is caught short. Stunning work from the fielder. the batsman took off early for the run after punching on the up but there wasn't one there.
FOUR runs, pulled neatly to deep square's right. Short ball sitting up at middle stump, nicely in position and hits it along the ground.
SIX runs, full, on off, and the batsman clears his front leg before whipping a six over long on! Big stride forward, and clean striking thereafter.
OUT, and he's holed out to the fielder at long-on this time. A slight shimmy down the track and this was another normal pace delivery, The batsman wanted to go over cow corner, ends up with a leading edge that the fielder settles under.
no run, good length and just outside off, pushed back at the bowler.
2 runs, works it away through midwicket.
1 run, slower legcutter, dropped at his toes for a single.
1 run, full, pushed across outside off, driven to long-on for one.
1 run, length ball outside off, whipped to long-on.
no run, good length and at the stumps, drops it in the infield on the leg side and wants to sneak the run but he's sent back. On the way back there's a direct hit with an under-arm flick, from the fielder it appears, but replays show the batsman has made his ground.
1 run, short again, but a little more outside off, and he backs away and guides this towards third man.
1 wide, length ball down leg side, past the attempted flick.
no run, he might have made it back. Yorker, dug out to point, runs off when there is no single. The batsman sends him back. He has to put a dive in to beat the throw.
no run, quick length ball, angling in, hits him high on the bat. Pushed to midwicket.
OUT, taken at deep backward point! This is a plan coming off. the bowler goes full and wide outside off. Reaching out and throwing his hands at this, but it's sliced off the outside part of the bat. the batsman's holding his head. Well, his helmet.He obviously thinks that should have been somewhere over extra cover.
no run, lift from the wicket there and beats the bat again! Banged into the surface, quick delivery, the batsman surprised by thye extra bounce, nearly gloves it behind.
1 run, good length on leg stump, leans in and flicks to long-on.
no run, short and rising outside off, steps out and has a waft. Beaten.
1 run, some shape away from the batsman, very full, he pats it to mid-on and they run through for a quick single.
no run, good length outside off, defends towards point off the front foot.
no run, pops up towards mid-on as the batsman tries to flick a shortish delivery on his pads away through midwicket, but it stops on the pitch and nearly does him in.
2 runs, thick edge past short third man, they scamper back for the second.
SIX runs, the batsman slices a loft and clears Hales at long-off. Tossed outside off, breaks away, drops to one knee and lifts it over for six.
no run, blocks a shortish delivery on middle to point.
1 run, on leg again and it's worked towards square for one.
OUT, slower full ball outside off, not picked by the batsman who presents the full face and just chips it in the air to offer an easy catch to mid-off.
FOUR runs, one carrom ball too many or is it that this just too short? the batsman stands there, waits for it, and smacks it back over the bowler's head for four. No nicety here. Just brute power.
1 wide, backs away, so the bowler goes full and wide, the batsman can't reach it but this is outside the wide line. Has to rebowl that.
1 run, short of a length, legcutter, punched down to long-on for another single.
2 runs, slants this full delivery into the pads, flicked into the gap between deep midwicket and wide long-on.
1 wide, full and very wide outside off. Left alone.
1 run, the googly that rips back in from length on off, worked to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, the batsman now throws himself into the action. Hip-high short ball on middle, the batsman swivels back and short-arms it over midwicket.
1 wide, veers in a yorker but just ends up slipping this down, the batsman manages to get out of the way. Wide. Can't fault him for the effort.
no run, extra bounce and so much that the batsman, set up for the back foot punch, has to take his bottom hand off the bat. This pitch has pace!.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length just outside off. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, yorker at leg stump, jammed down to long-on.
2 runs, punched down to long on, a direct hit at the bowler's end and the batsman was gone, again.
2 runs, good length outside off, gets forward and laps this to long leg's right.
1 run, sets himself up for the pull again, but this is the slower short ball. Gets an inside edge into his body. Just the single.
no run, short of a length outside off, cut to point.
1 run, shuffles across to get behind the line and punches a back of a length delivery to long-on.
no run, good length on middle stump, steps out and pushes towards long-on. Can't beat the bowler to his right.
no run, short of a length, chest high. Defended. A double-wicket maiden.
2 runs, bunted into the leg side, the fielder rushes in from deep midwicket, but they steal the second.
1 run, slightly fuller, angled in again, pushed to long-on.
no run, jumps out of the crease, the bowler bowls the slider, beats him in flight, and an inside edge saves him from getting stumped.
1 run, he bangs it in and the batsman pulls it away easily.
1 run, slower again, short of a length, hit in the air for a single to long-off.
no run, good length and shaped away outside off, pushed to cover point off the back foot.
no run, width outside off, punched straight to extra cover.
1 run, slower and fuller outside off, the batsman belts this to long-off.
1 wide, angling across too far outside off and he'll have to bowl that again.
no run, beaten! Looks to punch on the up but is late on the stroke.
1 run, OUT, the batsman went across a bit, the bowler pitched it on length just outside leg and the batsman swept it away, as the fielder swooped in on the ball in the deep. Accurate throw, the batsman takes too much time to turn around for the second and he can't make it.
no run, and he shows he has learnt from his master. Dropping his wrists out of the way like proper Test match cricket.
no run, slower ball on off stump, defended back to the bowler.
1 run, stays back in the crease and bunts it down to long on.
no run, good pace, sharp bouncer and the batsman was very late on it, trying to pull. Whistles past his helmet.
1 run, back of a length on middle from round the stumps, Suryakumar stands tall and forces a single to long-on.
no run, looks for the flick off a length ball angling across to off stump. No timing at all, just clips it back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, lifted over mid-off. Length ball just outside off, plants the front leg out and goes on the rise.
FOUR runs, shot. too short and spinning away, the batsman goes deep in his crease and opens his bat face to cut it past point and into the fence.
1 run, full on middle, swept straight to deep square leg.
1 run, short of a length, rides the bounce from the crease and whips it into the on side.
SIX runs, now he switches over to a short length and the batsman crunches a pull over deep midwicket. the bowler getting his lengths all wrong at the death.
FOUR runs, whipped wide of mid-on. Such good wrists. It's a length ball that's sticking in the pitch at a leg stump line. He gets well in front of that pad and lifts it from under as it climbs up on him.
2 runs, length on leg stump, steps out and shovels this on the up to deep midwicket's left. The batsman calls for a risky second and dives to make his ground.
OUT, traps him lbw but he's reviewed it straight away. It's the no-nonsense yorker. Full and straight. The batsman plays all around it and is pinned on the back leg. Could it be going down? There's definitely no bat and HawkEye says it's umpire's call on impact and umpire's call on hitting the stumps.
2 runs, length, drifting into the pads, whipped away nicely past squareleg's right for a couple.
FOUR runs, length on the pads, uses the pace of the bowler and clips it over midwicket for four.
1 run, mis-hits the free hit, getting a top edge on the slog to a low full toss. Gets just the single.
1 run, good length just outside off, and the batsman chips it past the non-striker to long on. Misfield by the bowler too, but they can't take another run.
FOUR runs, slower bouncer goes down leg, he paddles it to fine leg. The fielder at short fine dives to his left and gets a hand to it, but it still goes to the boundary.
1 run, tossed up, another carrom ball and driven for one.
no run, good length outside off, away movement. Guided to point.
1 run, on middle and leg now, he pushes it towards mid on for one.
SIX runs, the batsman breaks the shackles. On a length, outside off, the batsman clears the front leg and swings hard to create his own pace on this. It goes very high but long enough to clear the fielder at long-on.
1 run, short of a length and sliding across off stump, cut to cover's right off the back foot.
1 run, driven with the spin to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, slapped square! Outside off, and the batsman rides the bounce to cut it off the back foot. Between backward point and point.
1 run, drifting into middle and leg, squeezes this flick towards deep midwicket.
1 run, looks to slap this over cover, ends up slicing this towards third man.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched to extra cover.
no run, gets on top of the bounce and slaps this to a diving fielder at backward point, superb stop.
FOUR runs, The bowler goes shorter and outside off, the ball does not come onto the bat, the batsman slashes hard and inside-edges it past the leg stump and left of the keeper for four.
1 run, good length on off and angling into the batsman. Turned off his pads to deep midwicket.
1 run, a bit of spin from a good length, shuffles across and punches to long-on.
1 run, full, down leg side, and the batsman whips this away on the on side, but it lands just short of the fielder fielding at long leg.
no run, touch fuller, some shape away again, pushed off the back foot towards mid-off.
1 run, closer to the stumps, but flat to deny him the slog. Hit down to long-on for one.
SIX runs, wow, made that looks ridiculously simple. A slower ball, good length and sitting up at middle stump. He was already on the front foot, so it takes even more effort to make up the strength for this whip over midwicket. He does it without fuss, just swipes across the line.
no run, good finish to the over, keeping things tight in the channel as The batsman chops to mid off.
FOUR runs, now he finds the gap past that fielder. This is terrific batting. Steps down the track and gets right to the pitch before lacing a drive through the left of the extra cover fielder. Top shot.
1 run, full, just outside off, and the ball's swinging slightly away. Tapped to cover for a quick single.
no run, full, and outside off, he eases it to cover.
2 runs, the fielder with a brilliant effort to save a six. A wide fuller one that the batsman lofts over the in-field. The fielder at long-off snaffles it reverse-cupped, leans back as he does so, and is right in front of the boundary. He's falling over with the momentum and releases the ball as he's falling away. Top effort. Just about lets the ball go as he falls over the boundary line.
1 run, dropped! the bowler tends to drop return catches. Full on middle, pushed back aerially to the bowler's left, he had to dive, got a hand to it but couldn't hang on.
no run, full on off, and takes the pace off this time (119 kph). It's the cutter, in fact, and the batsman defends with soft hands. Carefully played.
1 run, good length and pushed across off stump, punched to sweeper cover.
1 run, steps out and belts this length ball to long on.
FOUR runs, length ball, and he lofts this over mid off. Just clears the man stationed there, but that's four more.
no run, fuller length on middle, he defends towards cover off the front foot.
FOUR runs, risky shot. The slowness of the pitch. The batsman just pushes at a wide length ball, and the ball stops on him, and he ends up hitting this in the air. Lucky that it has gone wide of short cover.
no run, on a length, on off, seems like a wrong'un, and beats him on the defensive push.
no run, knuckle ball hits him on the pads as he looks to flick. Too early on that length ball, is the batsman.
1 run, back to pace, played with an open face for a single to point.
FOUR runs, a nothing offbreak loosener to start off with but the batsman is in no mood for sighters. Plays the pick-up shot over midwicket, thank you very much.
1 run, short of a length, punched wide of the diving Shaw at extra cover. He gets there but the ball slips under his hand.
no run, length ball in the corridor, the batsman nervously defends off the inside edge.
1 run, dabs this gently into the off side as they scamper a single.  An under-arm flick from the fielder at point and the batsman may have been gone .
no run, steps out to pull but is beaten by the skid of the short ball.
no run, good length, angling across him, punched to point.
no run, full inswinger coming towards leg stump. the batsman shuffles around a little before managing to get the bat down to block it.
FOUR runs, back of a length close to off stump, and that's sensational timing from the batsman. Stays a little leg-side of the ball, and meets it with an open face and sends it racing away to the right of third man. Not too much distance for the fielder to cover, but it just blazed past him.
FOUR runs, shuffles across to line up a length ball, and even though it turns out to be a slower one, he hits through the line and goes back over his head.
2 runs, full on middle stump, and this time the batsman thumps it past the bowler's left to long on. Two more runs collected.
no run, inside edge onto pad as he looks to force this through cover off the front foot. It spun back in from a length outside off stump.
no run, full, quicker and straighter this time, on middle and leg, and the batsman clips it back to the bowler.
OUT, caught behind! No footwork and a waft outside off! It was a good length, not quite short enough but the width was there, he just wafted the bat at it and got a thin edge through to the keeper.
2 runs, short of a length with some shape away outside off. Chases it with his hands and slices it between backward point and cover point. Third man cleans up.
FOUR runs, short, and he has smashed this away towards cow corner. One bounce, and through the midwicket boundary.
1 wide, full and very wide outside off, left alone. That cut back in to sail over the wide line.
1 run, yorker just outside off, jabs it into the covers, runs to the other end with his arms aloft.
no run, stays right behind the line of this length ball as he defends.
FOUR runs, shorter outside off, and this time the batsman is quick to spot the length. Goes deep, and brings out the punch past extra cover.
1 run, tossed up full outside off. the batsman through the cover drive early, gets an inside edge that tickles through square leg.
1 run, dropped. The fielder puts down his second of the match. It seemed to be in the slot for the big hit from the batsman, full and angling across towards off stump. Clears his front leg and goes for it, but it's the slower cutter and he doesn't quite time it. The fielder comes in off the deep midwicket boundary, slides forward and gets his hands under the ball, but can't hold on.
1 run, good length on middle stump, punched to long-on.
1 run, length ball outside off, The batsman goes back and across and tucks it away towards square leg.
1 run, crunching cover drive to the sweeper.
no run, ping-pong. the bowler fields to his left as the batsman punches firmly on the up, and then attempts to chuck it back at the stumps. He's off-balance though and the throw is wayward.
FOUR runs, tickled fine for four! Too straight, angled down leg, the batsman waited and glanced it fine! Fine leg was still wide despite the change of angle.
1 run, length ball, swinging into the pads, clipped past midwicket for one.
no run, the bowler finds some grip outside off, the batsman pinging cover with a drive.
1 run, full and angled in from the front of the hand. Gets the front leg across and drives to long-on.
2 runs, has he clobbered this or what? Not much timing but plonks between the man running in from square leg and the boundary rider. They're back for the second.
FOUR runs, chops it past short third man for another boundary! Moves on to the nineties It was angling into the batsman, but he did really well to open his bat's face.
1 run, tapped to sweeper cover.
1 run, full on the pads, clipped away to short fine-leg's left for one.
1 run, a googly, dropped short and coming in at leg stump. Gets low and drags it out to long leg with a pull.
no run, nicely looped up on middle stump. Doesn't get to the pitch with his front-foot stride. Wanted to drive to long-off, has to instead adjust and dab to backward point with an open face.
FOUR runs, the batsman makes room and makes good of this over by lofting him over mid-on.
SIX runs, pulled and this is into the second tier at deep square leg. Picked the length early, swivelled back and smacked that away.
OUT, backs away, swings through but picks out the tall fielder, who takes it with his wrong hand at long on. He went for it with two hands, but it took a while for him to bring them together, by which time the ball had lodged in his right hand. Lucky he managed to hold on, has a sheepish smile but years later when someone sees the scorecard, all they'll know is this was a catch.
no run, low full toss at middle stump, tapped to extra cover off the toe-end.
1 run, length on middle stump, backs away and whips awkwardly but effectively to deep square's left.
no run, fired in outside off, The batsman shapes to cut but is beaten.
1 run, just short of sweeper cover Full and wide outside off, doesn't slide onto the bat as he looks to loft it over extra cover. Ends up slicing it.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, runs this down to third man for one.
OUT, the relay catch! the fielder grabs it at long-off, but he's overbalancing, he knows he will go over the boundary, so he lobs the ball over to the other fielder at long-on and it is seamless. It is poetry. It is very very good. And so the batsman has to go, after smacking a loopy old delivery on leg stump straight down the ground.
SIX runs, another six. A full toss on the stumps and the batsman has pulled it between deep square leg and deep midwicket. the batsman is pulling it off here. Nothing is beyond this man.
no run, gets too close to the pitch of the ball as he advances, squeezed back.
no run, good length and turning away from leg stump. Gets forward and stabs it to midwicket's right.
no run, has that been dropped? Might have dropped just in front. Seems like this one just stuck into the pitch. The batsman chips this length ball straight back, and the bowler dives forward but there's no catch taken.
SIX runs, full on off, and in the batsman's arc. Big stride forward, and struck over the man at long on. Classic shot!.
FOUR runs, shot. Full, just outside off, and the batsman plays a straight-bat punch that hangs in the air briefly but finds the gap to the left of mid-off.
FOUR runs, slower and fuller on middle, he holds his shape and then lofts this cleanly over the bowler's head. Long-off was in so all he needed to do was loft this over the infield.
no run, back of a length on leg stump, skids off the pitch, beats the pull and hits the body.
no run, the batsman cuts again, and hits it better this time, but straight at the point fielder.
1 run, good length at off stump, punched back at the bowler who can't hold on cleanly to his right.
1 bye, missed run out at the non-striker's end. But another mean short ball across the batsman that he has no answer to. Well beaten on the cut. The keeper lobs it to the bowler, who catches, turns and has a big throw at the stumps to miss.
no run, shortish, extra bounce and the inward angle cramp him for room as he goes onto the back foot. Tries to hurriedly work it into the leg side but the ball climbs and hits him on the thigh pad.
FOUR runs, width offered, and the batsman chops it firmly away behind point. There was a touch of toe-end to the shot, but it's placed wide of third man's right and brings four more.
no run, yorks him for the second time in three balls, got it across with the angle too and the batsman misses again. the bowler thought he got some bat.
FOUR runs, full toss outside off, too much width and finally something to cheer about as he blasts this through the covers for four.
1 run, tries to slog the incoming delivery towards his legs and he only gets an inside edge to leg.
OUT, Guess what? He's not run out, but has to go. the bowler pushes this through, gets this to drift away, there's a hint of sidespin as well. the batsman shapes to cut but has no room and gets the toe end of the bat as the keeper takes an excellent catch.
no run, full, dipping, middle and leg, hit back to him.
1 run, good length on the stumps, clipped off his pads to deep midwicket.
no run, a massive appeal, no, says umpire. Slow outside off, the ball pitches outside off and spins back in to hit the batsman in front of off. Replays say missing leg.
1 run, tossed up on leg stump. the batsman backs away and drives inside out to long off. Dealing in ones and twos for now.
no run, short ball, and he lets it pass hoping for this to be called. the bowler gets away with it though. Not high enough.
1 run, full and straight, pushed to mid-on for one.
no run, another good delivery, straight and on length. the batsman stays still and punches it back, just evading the bowler but they decide against the single because the fielder is there.
SIX runs, he has picked the bones out of a the bowler slower ball. He is sitting back and waiting for it, and slogs this length ball over midwicket.
no run, short, fast and cramps him for room. He defends from the crease.
1 run, googly not picked. He's backing away for a late cut and is cramped. Manages to nudge it into the leg side.
OUT, holes out to long-on. Smart bowling from the bowler. Making him fetch that from outside off, because foot movement is out of the question. Slower ball, looping outside off. Comes off the toe-end and that's that for the batsman. Can barely stay on his feet and off he goes with the physio for support.
1 run, a low full toss angling on to the pads, the batsman though stays leg side of the ball and hits it towards wide long-on.
SIX runs, top shot! That's into the second tier straight down the ground. Wonderful shot from the batsman, skips down the pitch, a crunching blow just to the on side. Caught in the crowd!.
1 run, good follow-up, The batsman dead-batting to cover for a tip-and-run single to keep the strike.
1 run, holed out to deep midwicket, easy catch for the fielder and they take a single. the batsman pulled that slow bouncer without any hesitation.
1 run, length ball on middle stump, shuffles and flicks straight to long leg.
no run, squeezes this yorker back to the bowler.
1 run, good length and in at the stumps, knocked towards mid-on.
1 wide, short and down leg side, beaten on the pull.
SIX runs, He launches it into the second tier beyond fine leg. This was a poor ball. Short and sliding outside leg, he picks it off his hips and swivel-pulls it away.
1 wide, full on middle and leg, but it's the slower ball. Goes down the leg side.
1 leg bye, hit on the body trying to pull, it bounces short of the keeper, coming off the batsman's ribs and he parries it away, The non striker calls for a leg bye.
OUT, straight to first slip! Half tracker on off, really, but the batsman goes chasing after it. Tries to cut, but it's the legbreak from the bowler this time. Turned a lot, and took some extra bounce too, and the batsman has edged it to the fielder.
1 run, on a length, angling in, hits his leading edge and goes for a single to extra cover.
1 run, a bit of flight now and he skips out to clip this to long-on.
FOUR runs, Shot. That's much better. Full on the stumps, the batsman gives himself room and executes a textbook extra cover drive, bisects the field.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. the bowler gets a touch too full, and he drives it over extra cover for four more.
2 runs, pulled again, down towards the fielder at deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, length ball on off, and angling into the batsman's pads. Goes deep into his crease, and tucks this square past midwicket. Two fielders giving it a chase, but it's a futile one. Balanced shot.
1 run, length on off stump, leans in and tucks it through square leg.
1 run, nails the yorker this time the batsman jams a straight bat down to find a single at long-off.
1 run, full on off stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
2 runs, good length, but wide outside off. Plays it away from his body, but still manages to punch it beyond the fielder at cover. In the air for a while.
no run, slower ball, angles across him, and he leaves.
1 run, full on middle stump, and his straight drive takes the inside edge. Through to fine leg.
1 run, full on off, pushed to cover.
1 leg bye, full on leg stump, looks to sweep, cops it on the thigh and it trickles through short fine.
FOUR runs, finds the gap. the batsman is looking to open up the short boundary by shuffling across, and he ends up slogging a length ball towards square leg. The fielder is there, and the ball has gone in air, but just wide of his dive.
SIX runs, launched over wide long on! This was in the slot and the batsman teed off, launching this with the bottom hand over wide long on!.
FOUR runs, length ball angling into a fourth-stump line, and it's the offcutter, so it straightens a touch as the batsman looks to punch towards mid-off. Thick edge runs away past the keeper diving to his left.
no run, full at off stump, whips through a square cut which finds backward point.
1 bye, misses the bouncer and is now involved in a run out appeal at the non-striker's end. Both the batsman and the bowler are caught napping. The fielder beats the batsman to the stumps.
FOUR runs, poor ball, easy runs. Looks for the bouncer but he seems to be stuck halfway in an offcutter too. In the end it's a harmless ball on the hips and he swivels to drag this past short fine.
1 run, the googly down leg. the batsman works it down to fine leg. Would have been wide had he left the ball.
no run, short of good length, cuts into his middle stump, the batsman backs away and haphazardly drops it into the pitch.
2 runs, full and angling in on middle, tapped down to long-on.
no run, the batsman is up on his tip-toes to crunch a back of a length delivery to cover, the bowler pulling his length back a touch. But he can't quite thread the gap.
1 run, good length on middle stump, swept to deep square's right.
1 run, length at off stump, blocked on the front foot and a single stolen past the bowler.
FOUR runs, short on middle, the batsman down on one knee and hammers it away towards deep squareleg. It was something between a sweep and a pull but powerfully struck.
1 run, offbreak, middle and leg, worked to leg for one.
no run, there's a noise here and an appeal for catch behind. Full ball tossed right outside off, spinning towards the wide marker. the batsman looked to slug that over extra cover and it spun past the bat, thinks the umpire. UltraEdge shows a flat line.
no run, back of a length outside off, and carved off the back foot. Straight to point.
no run, finds square leg this time. Similar delivery, spinning in from a length. Check-sweep to the fielder.
SIX runs, slices it over the backward point boundary to bring up fifty. Good length ball flung wide outside off. On his back knee and deliberately slashes this. To sweeper's left. He's keeping them interested.
SIX runs, carves it over sweeper cover! There's no pace on that. It's a knuckle ball floating away. But he makes room, gets under it on one knee and lifts it cleanly over the fielder there.
no run, quick again, hits him on the pad as he looks to slog to leg. Pant collects it on the bounce.
1 run, short of a length again, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, pulled but hit straight to the fielder at midwicket. The batsman misses out Disappointed at missing out because a metre on either side and it was four.
FOUR runs, too short, and the batsman won't let those go. Cuts it, and the ball flies over point once again. Could've gone for six, but lands just short of the boundary.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, cut straight to sweeper point.
no run, the batsman gets the full toss within his range that he is looking for but ends up swinging inside its line.
FOUR runs, excellently played! Good length on off, but angling into the batsman. He gets down on one knee, and muscles this pull behind square leg. Hit fine enough to beat deep square leg.
1 run, pretty full on off, The batsman can't get under it. He hacks it off the inside half to deep midwicket. He collides with the bowler and collapses at the non-striker's end.
1 run, good length outside off, walks across off stump and clubs this. Straight to deep midwicket.
1 run, looks for the pull, but the extra pace from the bowler, and the height he gets on the bouncer - above shoulder - makes sure the ball goes off the splice to point.
no run, fuller on the stumps, comes forward and pushes to the bowler's right.
no run, caught in a tangle as he looks to work that googly. Spun back in sharply to hit the thigh pad.
1 run, full, slight swing, pushed slightly wide of mid-on for one.
1 run, full and swinging back in outside off, worked away with the angle of swing to wide mid-on.
1 run, gets forward and flicks a good-length ball to deep midwicket.
2 runs, full and wide, crunched wide of deep cover to get the couple.
2 runs, slightly back of a length, waits for it to spin away before opening the face late for a dab through the short third man region.
SIX runs, misses the yorker by a foot, and the batsman flicks this from the slot. Not a massive follow-through, but big muscle and timing. Clears long-on.
no run, some flight on the stumps and he blocks it back.
1 wide, that seems to be about the only way the team can score off the bowler. A bouncer well down the leg side. Called wide.
no run, beaten. Googly at a length wide outside off. Looks for the slog sweep, beaten.
SIX runs, big ole full toss from round the wicket and right in the hitting arc outside off. the batsman goes down and slog sweeps it into the crowd behind midwicket.
FOUR runs, full toss the batsman has his front foot out of the way as he's backing into the off side. Gets behind the line, chips it over mid-off.
1 run, better line. Good length on off, and forces the batsman to play from near his body. Fended towards cover point with soft hands.
SIX runs, short in the corridor and pulled again. Once again it doesn't look fully controlled, off the high part of the bat. He was cramped but did well to get the swing away. And there was more elevation in this. It's over the long-on boundary.
no run, full on middle stump but tailing across the batsman's body again. Takes a big stride forward and taps it towards cover.
no run, the batsman backs away outside leg and does not make contact with a slower ball.
1 run, short and zips in on off, rushes the batsman, chopped behind to the right of the keeper for one. Sharp single.
no run, edged, but short of wide slip! a wide yorker outside off. the batsman gets a thick outside edge, with a slight angle of the bat. Short of the fielder, good stop.
1 run, good length on off stump, and slapped past point to deep point. They're finding the men in the deep every time.
1 run, lots of spin actually already. Flat and wide, it takes plenty of spin and the batsman cuts away into the off side.
1 run, worked with the spin to deep midwicket.
no run, length ball outside off, squirted to point.
FOUR runs, waits on that and lofts it nicely over short fine. Slower short ball. Shapes for the hook and then waits a long time on it to deliberately lift that in that direction. Wasn't looking to hit that hard, and didn't need to.
OUT, takes it himself, pitch side. Good length ball at leg stump. Kicks up a bit of dust off the surface. the batsman looks for the leg glance off his thigh but has closed the face too soon. Leading edge hangs up in the air and the bowler completes a simple catch.
FOUR runs, short of a length, looking for the inside-out drive, but ends up slicing it over short third man for four.
1 run, nurdled round the corner towards fine leg.
no run, googly, short of a length on leg stump. Whipped to square leg off the back foot.
FOUR runs, short and down leg, The batsman works the ball easily over square leg. Got underneath the ball enough.
FOUR runs, oh shot. A quicker one fired down leg side. Quickly gets down on a knee and uses the pace to ramp this over short fine.
no run, again shuffles across early and swings big and misses outside off.
1 run, slower length ball, driven to deep cover for one.
no run, slower ball at a good length, slides under the bat as the batsman looks to drive on the rise.
1 run, shifts back and punches this past mid-on diving to his left.
1 leg bye, another dart angling down leg. the batsman looks to sweep and gets a bit of thigh pad on it, rolls into the short fine leg region.
no run, he had no clue about that, went for a drive with hard hands, beaten as this spun sway sharply.
1 run, the bowler switches back to over the stumps, the batsman shimmying into a leg glance. He doesn't get the best connection, but there's room enough for a quick single.
no run, short of a length outside off, punched to cover off the back foot.
no run, beaten! Late movement from length, looked to steer behind point. Late on the stroke.
no run, thuds into his thigh pad as he tries to work this square. Beaten for pace, played down the wrong line.
no run, searing yorker on middle but the batsman is good enough to keep it out. Solid concentration!.
1 run, full just outside off, and the batsman drives past the bowler's left to long off.
1 run, appeal for lbw again with the slower ball dipping in late. the batsman flicked this to fine leg, but the bowler believes it went off the pads. Nah, they aren't reviewing. It definitely came off the bat.
no run, sharp bouncer, hits his helmet right in the badge.
SIX runs, looks like the wrong'un to me but either way it is too full. the batsman clears the front leg and lofts him hard back over his head.
FOUR runs, full, fast, down the leg side, and he loves this for the sweep. Gets this fine of long leg, using his pace.
no run, slower bouncer angling in towards off stump. the batsman gets into a tangle as he looks to make room and ramp it over the keeper. Can't connect.
no run, bouncer again, and he ducks it.
FOUR runs, in the air and right in the gap on the off side, he gets four too! the batsman backed away again for the short ball and slayed that ball right between extra cover and cover point.
no run, length ball on leg stump, tapped to long-on on the up.
no run, skiddy length ball on middle and leg, worked to midwicket.
no run, short of a length on middle stump, defended into the leg side off the inside edge.
no run, skidder on middle, punched away to midwicket.
no run, good length outside off, defended into the covers.
1 run, full, nearly a yorker, hit to deep midwicket for one.
2 runs, dropped at wide long-off. That batsman promotion nearly brings about the the batsman wicket as he plays a frustrated shot to a shortish ball that cramps him. The fielder, diving to his left at long-off, drops him.
SIX runs, the batsman in golden touch. And great attitude. You have to put away bad balls here no matter how many wickets you have lost. This is a long hop, and he goes back to pull it over midwicket. Just misses a car outside the ground.
SIX runs, this time on middle and leg, the batsman goes down on a knee and sweeps that before it can turn, over long leg for six!.
FOUR runs, over the non-striker. Good length and wide outside off. Steps out and once again, just tremendous use of his reach to drag this towards the leg side even as it threatens to turn away from him.
(no ball), slower one outside off, the batsman looks to send it out of the stadium, misses completely but wait, that's another no-ball. Even bigger than the last one.
1 run, shifts over to off stump to deal with the bowler's big-turning legbreaks and whips this through midwicket.
no run, slower ball outside off, reaches out to cut and misses.
1 run, short ball turning away outside off. Drags it to long-on off the back foot.
FOUR runs, full on middle this time, the batsman drives it nicely with the turn to bisect the gap between deep midwicket and long-on for four more.
1 run, straying into the pads, tucked away to fine leg.
no run, back of a length around off, the ball beats the bat as the batsman looks to defend.
1 run, dabbed down to short third man, and they scoot through for a single.
no run, googly this time, and it's not picked, zipping past the outside edge.
no run, back of a length on off, and the batsman's been deceived by the pace. Defended off the back foot.
1 run, clipped in the air off the pads towards the square leg umpire for one, no fielder there.
no run, slower length ball on off, defended from the crease.
SIX runs, full toss on the pads and crunched over deep squareleg.
no run, stays back of a length again. the batsman walks across to the off side and blocks off the back foot. Four dots to start the match. Can he finish well?.
OUT, the bowler provides the breakthrough. Slower knuckle ball from the bowler. the batsman does not pick the variation. He is early into his pick-up shot and skies it to the fielder at long leg.
no run, didn't pick this properly but somehow managed to get this back to the bowler. Sharp leggie there.
FOUR runs, whack. Poor ball and he slaps it away. Short of a length with a lot of width. It's well in front of cover.
1 run, good length on leg stump, and the batsman backs away to punch to mid off.
SIX runs, clobbered! Flat six over deep midwicket. Length ball, just outside off, and the batsman drags this pull into the stands.
1 run, another legbreak, full on middle and leg, nudged to square leg.
1 wide, slower ball, angled too far down the leg side.
no run, good length and tight at middle stump. Defended back down the pitch.
FOUR runs, full and straight again, looking for the lbw again, but the batsman plays a more forceful shot, and also this one doesn't jag back in. Not too wide of mid-on, but no dive comes in. And he doesn't anticipate the angle well enough either.
no run, good length on middle stump, punched to extra cover's right.
no run, on the bounce to mid-off. A low full toss is bunted to the fielder at mid-off.
no run, length at off stump, defended to point.
1 run, full on off, and he sweeps behind square to fine leg. Had to drag it from outside off eventually.
1 run, good length at off, pushed through cover.
OUT, A good catch from Kaul at third man. A back of a length delivery outside off, moves away too and may have bounced a tad extra. The batsman heaves across the line, felt like he was there a touch early too. The ball takes a thick leading edge and goes very very high - more elevation than distance - and carries down to third man, who runs to his right and takes a good catch.
no run, flatter, closer to off stump, driven off the front foot back to the bowler.
no run, shorter and on a fourth-stump line, opens the face and guides to point.
(no ball) 1 run, full on middle and off, jabbed down to long-off, and guess what, the bowler has overstepped.
1 run, short of a length, tucked away off the hip, gets a single to leg.
2 runs, another yorker, wide one this time, flat-batted down the ground, along the ground to long-off.
1 run, good length and just outside off. Dropped to extra cover's left with soft hands.
no run, good bowling, keeps it wide of off stump but within the tramlines, the batsman lets it go, but that's not a wide.
1 run, short and wide, he needs a ladder to reach it, but reach it he does and gets a single to deep cover.
1 leg bye, length on middle, shaping back in again, the batsman can't get any bat on it and is struck on the thigh pad.
nan
OUT, the fielder pulls off an incredible hokey-pokey catch at the edge of the long-on boundary. He leaps back, catches the ball, goes past the boundary. But then drops the ball into play before going beyond the fence. Then comes back and pouches it with both hands. the batsman hangs at the edge of the straight boundary, but he has to go. The TV umpire confirms that's a clean catch.
1 run, full, on the toes, clipped away for a single to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, gets the yorker wrong and fires a full toss on the batsman's off-stump, and he's whacked that out of here. Miles past long-on.
no run, short of a length just outside off, tapped back at the bowler off the back foot.
no run, beaten. Quicker full ball outside off and the batsman was caught on the back foot trying to have a slash at this.
FOUR runs, good length on middle and leg, but the batsman comes dancing down the wicket and lift it over the bowler!.
FOUR runs, looks to go full, but ends up sending a full toss on the pads, and the batsman whips this away towards long leg. Terrific timing, as it beats fine leg, sprawling away to his left.
SIX runs, pulled with disdain! Played so casually. Back of a length outside off, and the batsman's so quick to play that kind of shot. Excellently played over cow corner.
FOUR runs, sweeps this up and over backward square to the vacant rope! Clever shot. It was outside leg and he picked it up quickly and there is no one back there.
no run, on a length, straight, pushed back to him.
no run, tidy start from the bowler. On a length, around middle, some away shape. Defended to mid-on. No golden duck this time.
no run, full outside off, no swing. Skewed away off the outside half to point. Two dots.
1 run, full and outside off, shuffles across and slices wide of point.
SIX runs, he's not targeting the boundary - HE'S TARGETING THE BLEEPIN ROOF! Length ball. The absolute last thing you bowl to the batsman. And he clatters it straight down the ground.
SIX runs, full on middle, the batsman skips down the wicket, makes a little room and goes through the line and clears long-off.
(no ball), short on middle, and goes straight through to the keeper again. the batsman chooses not to play any shot, knowing that's too high. No ball for height.
1 run, short of a length at leg stump, swiped to fine leg off the thick inside edge.
no run, arm ball, came in with the angle and he doesn't pick it. Inside edge onto pad.
1 run, brings it shorter and he goes back in the crease to whip it to leg for one.
no run, flighted outside off, pushed to extra cover.
SIX runs, tossed up outside off, not sure if it was the googly. the batsman deploys a long stride, uses his reach to launch the ball over the bowler's head although it was not off the middle.
1 run, slower in the air, just outside off, swept to deep square leg.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut off the inside half to backward point.
SIX runs, length, and he has hit this over long off. No more than a push off the front foot, on bent knee.
1 run, driven with the spin to wide long-off for a single.
1 leg bye, slower through the air and going down leg, he nudges it fine for one.
no run, chopped from off stump to cover.
no run, big swing of the bat from the batsman, but misses completely. Good length outside off, and just about enough room to free his arms.
no run, another swing and a miss. Good length again by the bowler going across. the batsman was stepping away to swing for the fences, misses.
no run, and there's some early shape for him! the bowler bends his first ball away from the batsman's groping defensive push outside off, beating the outside edge.
1 wide, full and down leg side, can't get bat on it.
FOUR runs, nearly chopped on! Looked to flay this on the up through point but got a thick inside edge that beat the keeper to the boundary.
1 run, tossed up, and he eases this towards deep midwicket.
no run, short of a length in the corridor, looks to pull but he's hurried. Gets it weakly to square leg.
1 run, rocks back and cuts hard to deep point.
FOUR runs, uses his feet! Full on off, and picks the googly. Comes down the ground and lifts it into the wide long-on boundary.
OUT, serious pace again. Fullish, but not on a driving length, in the corridor, and the batsman doesn't have any time to get a proper stride in to drive. Ends up playing away from his body, as a result, with an angled bat, and the ball zips past the edge or kisses it through to the keeper.
no run, tries to reverse sweep, but misses! Full outside off, and going straight through again. Low take by the keeper!.
1 wide, full but too wide outside off. Over the tramlines so that adds another to the total.
SIX runs, slower short ball, sits up outside off, the batsman reads the change-up. Delays his big shot and slugs it over midwicket for a flat six.
1 run, yorker outside off, clipped off the pads through the gap between midwicket and mid-on.
1 run, dabs this gently into the off side for a quick single.
1 run, short of a length, legbreak, turns away, which means he punches down to long-off for one.
1 run, back of a length outside leg, and the batsman makes room on the leg side. Pulled, but mistimed, over square leg to the man in the deep.
no run, lovely seam movement. On a length, just outside off, and then jags back in to trap the batsman on the crease. Just gets an inside edge.
1 run, short of a length, pitches outside leg, angles towards off, runs this down to third man.
1 run, wrong'un again but too short, goes back and cuts it towards deep extra cover.
2 runs, quick slider, into the pads, tickled away fine of fine leg for two.
SIX runs, what a shot. Back of a length outside off, and he takes a big step back and across - before the bowler has released - and gets down on one knee to slog-sweep over the midwicket boundary.
1 run, slower ball to end the over, the batsman goes back to drop this at his toes and sneak in a single.
FOUR runs, slashed and slashed hard angled across him and he waits and cuts it over a leaping fielder at point to the boundary.
no run, short of a good length and in at middle stump. Gets low to try and ramp it fine and cops that on the arm on his way down before it trickles out to the keeper.
1 run, sharp turn back into him from a length, some bounce too, and he goes back and cuts this towards backward point. Well bowled!.
3 runs, good length on the stumps, he moves across and clips it to deep square leg. Great timing on that, and it's racing away, but the fielder sprints after it and slides and saves the boundary, pulling the ball in just before the fence.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, fended down past point for one.
1 run, slower length ball outside off. Shapes to drive that but it sticks and he's forced to adjust and tap that down to long-on.
no run, he makes room again, and the bowler follows him and he is beaten outside the leg stump.
SIX runs, length, and he goes inside out. That has gone a long way over extra cover!.
no run, on a length, around off, pushed to cover.
1 run, back of a length just outside off, he stands tall again and punches. A hint of vintage in that, but doesn't get the timing right. Goes to mid-off.
1 run, short of length outside off, flatter and quicker, cuts it towards backward point and sets off.
1 run, length on middle stump, looks to drive through the off side but it skids on. Straight to mid-on off the inside part of the bat.
no run, beaten. Short and across the corridor. Down the pitch, into the leg side, cutting from under it.
2 runs, a check-drive through the covers. Length ball with shape away. Waits on that and plays late, tapped between cover and extra.
1 run, outside edge first ball, but no slip in place. Another outswinger when a batsman is expecting an inswinger.
no run, peach! Full on off and the batsman tries to defend off the front foot. But the ball grips the pitch and spins across his blade. Could've easily taken the outside edge.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, slower short ball, inside edge onto pad as he looks to pull.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, punched to long-off off the back foot.
1 run, short, gets up to chest height fairly wide outside off, the batsman pulls to the left of deep square leg and completes the job.
no run, back of a length on off, and the ball goes over the batsman's shoulders.
no run, straight delivery served first up to the batsman, he pushes it back.
1 run, full outside off, and all the batsman can do is muscle a drive to wide long off.
FOUR runs, just manages to beat sweeper to his right. Low full toss outside off, stands upright, opens the face and gets it over extra cover.
SIX runs, too short, too slow, and the batsman goes deep in the crease to pull this over wide long-on. They keep writing him off every year, but the batsman keeps writing himself back in.
FOUR runs, gets it past short fine leg for four. A slower ball down leg, flicked away past short fine leg. Well played.
OUT, not a successful return for the batsman. It's short of a good length, it's curving away from him outside off. He hangs leg side of it and has a swish at it. A thin edge taken comfortably.
no run, slower, short of a length, he looks to shuffle to ff to help this past short fine again, but is hit on the pad.
2 runs, length ball but once again down the leg side, pulls it behind square, the deep square leg fielder comes around to cut it off.
no run, full on the pads, flicked to midwicket.
1 run, he walks right across his stumps to heave the full delivery from the wide line out to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower short ball at middle, mistimed pull to deep square.
OUT, tickles it to the keeper! Good length on the fourth-stump line, and it's too close to his body for the cut. Finds the edge and the keeper does the rest. The heat has played its part too. He was really late to play that shot.
no run, length ball, outside off, hits the bat high again as the batsman defends.
1 run, the batsman backs away, but is content with a firm push down to long on to turn the strike over.
OUT, in the air! And hear that roar, The fielder holds on at long on and the crowd goes ballistic. It was full on off, and he went for the pull once again. This time he can only slice it, and that brings an end to the batsman's innings.
1 run, works this down to long-on as he jogs the single.
FOUR runs, thick outside edge and sneaks under the fielder's dive to the right at third man. Full outswinger this time and the batsman chases that with his hands, feet rooted in the crease.
2 runs, the batsman gets on top of a short ball outside off and forces it away to the right of sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, and the batsman finishes stylishly. Shortish, closer to off stump on this occasion. Steps across and then whips it into the gap between square leg and long leg, with front leg up in the air.
no run, length outside off, poked into the leg side.
1 run, dabs this gently into the off side for a quick single.
1 wide, tries to bowl it quicker on the pads and slides it down the leg side.
1 wide, wide ball as he bowls the bouncer too short.
SIX runs, that's too short, pulled off the front foot over deep midwicket.
1 run, full and in at middle stump, driven down to long-on.
no run, wide of the crease, back of a length and slanting in, impact in line but the batsman may have managed an inside edge.
no run, good length, just outside off. Spins slightly away from the batsman, and he's forced to go deep onto the back foot and defend.
no run, length ball spinning into middle. Gets an inside edge onto pad as he looks to flick.
OUT, got him with another slower ball! the batsman is too early on yet another shot. This one isn't a knuckle ball, it's more visibly a proper offbreak that is slammed in, back of a length. He wants to turn it to deep square but gets a top edge that the fielder pockets gratefully.
no run, slower ball, full, outside off, pushed to cover.
1 run, length ball around off, drops it into the off side.
no run, tossed up outside off, comes forward for a defensive push towards point.
FOUR runs, full and just outside off, a nice stride forward as he drives elegantly to mid-off's left.
1 wide, too full and drifting down the leg side.
1 run, back of a length angling across, gets it to bounce well too. the batsman stays in his crease and cuts it to point.
1 run, clipped with the turn to deep square leg.
1 run, tossed up fuller on the stumps, shovels it to long-on.
no run, good length and wobbling in the corridor. the batsman unsure about that as he stays leg side and jabs into the off side.
no run, goes back and punches this towards point.
1 run, short of a length at middle stump, gets back and pulls to deep midwicket.
1 run, finds a single behind point.
no run, back of a length and outside off, the batsman can't connect with a little dab to third man.
no run, good length and shaped away from off stump. Looks to poke into the off side with soft hands but extra cover onto it quickly.
no run, floated up around off and a bit of turn, driven out to cover.
1 run, the umpire stops four! A full delivery on the pads, The batsman flicks right into the knee of the square leg umpire. He just could not get out of the way.
1 run, length on off stump, punched off the front foot and an early call for the single at mid-off.
no run, short of a length around off, drilled with absolutely no timing into the off side.
1 wide, good length and wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, good length on middle stump, and slower on this occasion. Pushed to wide long-on, and the batsman calls nice and early for the run.
no run, good length and just outside off, pushed to extra cover off the front foot.
1 run, another gentle little tuck into the leg side for a single.
no run, offcutter at a length outside off, pushes with hard hands and it ends up at midwicket off the thick inside edge.
1 run, sort ball, cramps him up, but he pulls it square of deep square.
2 runs, full toss, angling in, tucking hum up, hit straight of long-on for two.
1 run, googly, good length, he's back and punching to long on.
OUT, the bowler. Turning everything he touches to gold. the batsman swings at a length ball, and it sort of swings a touch and goes off the toe end. Million miles in the air. Caught at long-on.
FOUR runs, back of a length on leg stump, that's a poor line again, and the batsman just helps it along through fine leg as he swivels through.
no run, slower ball, on off stump, and he runs it towards point.
FOUR runs, excellent batting. He knows the field so well. Short of a length, at the hip, and he turns this around the corner with soft hands. Just placing it past short fine leg to use the bowler's pace.
1 run, slower ball on off, walks across and chips it towards mid-on with no timing, which allows a single.
SIX runs, seam-up, in the slot, gentle pace, mid-off is up, and the batsman accepts this with gratitude, hitting it for a flat six over long-off.
FOUR runs, whipped past short fine. Another ball in the slot, regular speed from the bowler. the batsman in the off side once more, uses the angle and swishes it to the fine leg boundary.
1 run, floated up outside off, driven to long-off.
2 runs, and some more fortune. Carrom ball outside off, and Samad cue-ends it past short third man.
no run, through the legs that time. Top contest between a top bowler and top batsman. the bowler doesn't fall for the bluff, keeps it yorker length on stumps. the batsman was moving across, tries to Natmeg it, but misses the ball.
SIX runs, length ball angling into off stump, and finally the batsman gets one right in his zone. Clears his front leg and absolutely wallops this over the forward square leg boundary. Mighty hit.
no run, good length and in at the corridor, pushed to mid-on with the angle.
2 runs, short of a length outside off, pulls to deep midwicket's right and comes back for the second. Long boundary there.
OUT,the batsman has gloved the bowler through to the keeper. Good short ball. Quick, high, and into the body. the batsman goes for the attacking option, but it surprises him with the pace, and kisses the glove/top part of the bat on the way through.
no run, full on off, indication that it remains a pretty slow surface, didn't quite come on, shuffles across and defends with ease.
SIX runs, releases the pressure! Two dot balls, but the batsman ain't wasting the third. Tossed up on off, and the batsman comes down the wicket to lift it over long off. Not even the best of shots, with the bat turning while hitting the shot, but enough power to clear the boundary.
1 run, back of a length, slightly quicker. Another wrong'un hurrying on towards middle stump, punched to long-off.
1 run, length ball on middle, launches it to long-on.
1 run, good length at off stump, looks to work it into the off side. It ends up pitch side on the leg off the inside half.
2 runs, floated across towards off stump, looks for the slog-sweep but can only drag it along the floor through square leg.
2 runs, lovely timing. On a length, angling away, just a push, gets a couple in front of deep point.
2 runs, and the batsman keeps chipping the legspinners over extra cover. Gets two more.
FOUR runs, didn't get the timing quite right but got the placement spot on slower ball but strays on the pads and the batsman thought he'll tickle it fine. But a bit early into the shot, so ends up hitting in the air, but enough on it to fall over short fine leg and run away to the boundary.
FOUR runs, full and wide with third man up. Not the smartest ball. the batsman throws his bat at it, gets a thick edge, which clears short third easily.
1 run, the googly outside off, The batsman lets it turn away and taps it to off for one.
SIX runs, pumps it over the long leg boundary! Slower short ball down leg side. Waits on that and pulls from under it. Sends it onto the second tier.
1 wide, goes for the wide legbreak outside off. the batsman throws his bat at the drive but can't connect. The keeper fumbles behind the stumps.
1 run, slices the full delivery outside off to deep point.
1 run, yorker outside off, and smacks it to deep extra cover.
SIX runs, hammered! Full, tossed up outside off, and the batsman has sent this into the second tier. Proper swing of the bat, and clubbed over long-off for six.
1 run, slashed away to third man this time. Length ball on middle, and the batsman attempted that cut once again. Came off the bat's thick edge.
no run, shuffles across to look to ramp but is beaten by a full ball.
FOUR runs, length on middle and the batsman finally connects, pulling this away, bisecting deep nmidwicket and deep squareleg.
2 runs, length ball wide outside off, shuffles and slogs on the up. The fielder does superbly at long-on. Sprints, dives to his right, puts his shoulder at risk. But he keeps it in.
no run, appeal for catch behind but not out. Short and very wide outside off. Looks for that big chop through point again but is beaten.
no run, makes room and hits this length ball straight to extra cover.
no run, gets on top of the bounce and punches this short of length delivery to mid-off.
1 run, fuller outside off, goes for the slog sweep but doesn't get the timing right, a single to deep midwicket.
OUT, full just outside off, and the batsman winds up for a big slog. Tries to send it over long off, but toe ends it this time. In the air for ages, and mid off settles under it.
1 run, leading edge down to long-off.
2 runs, a short slower ball down leg, worked to short fine leg, who falls over the ball, concedes an additional run.
1 run, turn and bounce! Good length on off and once again spinning into the batsman's body. Cramped for room as he tries to punch to long off, but the extra bounce makes it come off the bat's top half. Played in the air, but eventually safe.
FOUR runs, finds the extra cover boundary. Nicely placed. Tossed up outside off, steps out to make it to the pitch of that and it's a clean connection on the lofted drive.
SIX runs, overpitched and outside off, looks like a cross-seamer, the batsman lunges forward, gets under the length and launches it over the bowler's head. the batsman holds his shape like a boss.
1 run, flat fuller one, flicked behind square.
FOUR runs, dropped at deep backward point! the fielder, rated very highly as an outfielder, has lost this completely. It's a full toss on leg stump, he was looking to hit over midwicket. Leading edge floats out to the fielder who comes in and back, then hangs on for a bit and lunges back and to his left again as this evades him and bounce over the boundary.
1 run, full and wide, and would have been called had the batsman not reached out and toe-ended it to long-off for one.
2 runs, gets too straight, and the batsman places this into a gap on the leg side.
OUT, in the air and taken at long on! Back of a length, outside off stump, and he looks to pull off the back foot. Flat-batted, but it doesn't have the elevation to beat long on. Taken by long on fielder.
SIX runs, tossed up first, and that's been lifted inside out! Pitches outside off, and the batsman makes full use of the first loose ball. Enough time to wind up, and then his bat speed does the rest.
no run, short of a length just outside off, tapped to midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, tossed up on off, eased to long off.
no run, shortish, again goes wide of the crease to angle it in. Not as short as the batsman would like, and he inside-edges the pull into his back thigh pad.
1 run, fired full on off, pushed up to mid-off for one.
no run, shouts of catch it as this stops on him, but the leading edge is wide of the diving fielder.
1 run, almost chopped on! Back of a leg outside off, and he tried to push at it away from his body. The ball jags in, and takes the inside of his blade. Goes to fine leg eventually.
1 run, on a length, on the pads, nudged to short fine for one.
1 run, back of a length, slower, flicked behind square leg.
1 run, fullish length outside off, he waits for it and steers it to third man off an open bat face.
1 run, oh my that's a high full toss, but not a no-ball Caught the batsman by total surprise. Pacy ball but comes full and is just about waist high. He reacts hurriedly by taking his top hand off the handle and squirting it to third man.
1 run, length at middle stump, whipped across the line to deep midwicket.
no run, flatter on off, pushed towards mid-on.
1 run, bangs in the short ball, the batsman pulls to deep midwicket.
1 run, fired full outside off, squeezes this to deep point.
2 runs, another sweep, and again not in control. the bowler keeps the length just short of what is ideal for sweeping, and draws a top edge.
1 wide, full and wide down the leg side.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, but the batsman tries to carve this over point. Slices it over slip instead, and that's another boundary.
1 run, flatter one on middle, punched to long on.
no run, reverse-sweeps this time from middle and leg, straight to short third man.
no run, googly tossed right up outside off, drilled straight to the fielder at extra cover.
SIX runs, that is massive. After wide yorkers, the bowler goes on-pace length, and he goes deep in his crease to hit back over long-off.
2 runs, short of a length, whipped wide of long leg, the batsman goes for the second, but a more accurate throw would have got him. the fielder's throw is wide.
SIX runs, boom. Everyone knows what the next ball is going to be. An offcutter outside off. the batsman stays back in the crease and swipes from under it to clear midwicket.
no run, a hat-trick of slower balls that beat the batsman's outside edge. Full and moving away, beats a drive rather easily.
2 runs, short and just outside off, sliced to third man's right.
1 run, short of a length, punched through the covers.
OUT, hits middle stump! Classic stuff from the bowler. Cramps him, ties him, induces the false shot. Good length and tight on the stumps again. the batsman looks to whip into the leg side and is beaten on the inside edge.
no run, inswinger, on a length, shaping in towards off, punched to mid-off.
1 run, OUT, has the batsman been dismissed here stealing a second for the overthrow? Yes, yes. He is. Or is he? One angle says there's some doubt. Another suggests he's an inch short with the direct hit. In the end, he has been given.
1 run, another slower ball, fuller, and driven straight to deep cover this time.
no run, length ball around off, pushes it towards mid-off.
no run, good length and sliding right onto his pad, down leg side. Was looking to whip into the leg side.
1 run, short of length around off, tucked away towards short midwicket off the back foot, the fielder was at the edge of the circle.
1 run, length ball outside off, cut to deep point.
2 runs, length outside off, bit of width, the batsman punches it off the backfoot to the right of deep cover, who puts in a timely dive to keep them down to two.
1 run, right into the blockhole, squeezed to long-on.
OUT, thin edge and he walks. That is a lovely follow-up delivery from the young legspinner. Goes slower, goes wider, and extracts a bit of turn from this. the batsman is back to pushing with hard hands with a big stride. Swishing, in this case, at the very end, to try and get a single at cover. It spins and rises and gets a bit of the outside edge that the keeper takes smartly.
no run, he pitches it a touch shorter, the batsman waits and steers to cover point patiently.
no run, stands and swings, but doesn't connect. angling across and he cleared his front leg to try and crash it through off, but no contact.
no run, fullish slower ball, close to off stump. Looks to clear his front leg and wallop it down the ground, ends up getting a thick inside edge into his boot, and the bowler was momentarily enthused into charging towards the batsman in his follow-through, hoping for the ball to balloon up towards him.
1 run, pick-up, turn, throw. The fielder sprints to his left to retrieve a pull on the bounce at deep midwicket, and somehow manages to keep this to one. Dropped short from the bowler.
2 runs, slides it into middle and leg, and the batsman whips it away through midwicket for a brace.
1 run, flatter, and full outside off. Pushed off the front foot to cover point by the batsman.
no run, length outside off, driven back at the bowler who throws it back off balance. It's in the corridor, the batsman leaves it alone.
FOUR runs, full outside off, overpitched, asking to be driven and the batsman obliges, blasting it through the covers.
no run, yorker on off, and he gets his bat down in time to play towards point. Dug away.
FOUR runs, thigh-high full-toss on off stump, and the batsman clubs it back fiercely, leaving the bowler on his backside and the umpire ducking.
1 run, slower ball, short outside off. Spanked off the back foot but can't beat the fielder's dive at extra cover.
1 run, terrific bowling. A full, straight delivery is hit away to mid-off for one. Excellent end to the Powerplay.
1 run, short of a length again, punched down the ground for one.
no run, good length on middle stump, watchfully defended on the front foot.
1 run, just short of Rashid who has done exceptionally not to let this bounce past him. Short ball, half-hearted pull pings off the top edge. The fielder sprints to his right, then slides on his hips and uses both his hands to swat this in front of himself on the half-volley.
FOUR runs, short and wide, the batsman waits on the back foot this time and opens the face of the bat to help it on its way, bounces just inside the third-man boundary.
no run, just short of cover! That's the shot I was referring to, dancing down and trying to work the ball to midwicket. But the ball spins away, takes the leading edge and lobs towards cover.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, opens the face and turns it down to third man.
no run, length on middle stump, looks to flick, gets an inside edge onto body.
no run, length outside off, tries to steer it down and is beaten.
no run, length in the corridor, looks to tuck it into the leg side and gets an inside edge onto his pads.
no run, good length on off stump, punched on the up to cover.
SIX runs, the bowler goes wide and full again, and this time the batsman nails his attempted hit over long-on. Such clean crisp hitting.
no run, length at middle stump, blocked on the front foot.
2 runs, rocks back and pulls, doesn't quite get hold of it but he'll have enough legs to hare back for the second.
1 run, short at middle stump, punched to midwicket's right.
no run, walks across to flick, ends up yorking himself.
1 run, dipping fuller ball outside off, squeezes it out to mid-on for a quick single.
1 run, down the leg side, and he gets away with it. Single to short fine leg.
2 runs, low full toss tailing in at leg stump. Tries to make room to drive through the off side, gets a thick inside edge to deep midwicket.
no run, low full toss, nearly a yorker, dug out back to him.
2 runs, tossed up, the batsman takes it on the full off the front foot and flicks it nicely to deep midwicket.
OUT, the bowler comes from around the wicket and has the batsman chopping a sweep back onto the stumps. Full and slid through on middle, the batsman stretches across for a sweep, the ball sneaks through the legs. Oh wait, the replays suggest the ball brushes the thigh and disturbs the stumps.
1 run, chest-high short ball on middle, the batsman sits back for that length and pulls it comfortably to deep midwicket.
no run, slower ball, back of a length outside off, and he slices a punched shot to the fielder. Stops a couple of runs for certain.
1 run, a googly, length outside off, the batsman stays back and flicks it towards midwicket.
1 run, short and just outside off, mistimed cut into the pitch. Another direct hit at the non-striker's end.
no run, yorker from the left-arm pacer. Landing just at the base of off stump, and the batsman does well to dig this away. A bit of swing away from the batsman too. Yum.
2 runs, slower short ball cutting across middle. Miscued pull lobbed into vacant midwicket.
no run, short and just outside off, defended off the back foot.
1 run, ah, poor. Drops it very very short. the batsman taps to sweeper cover.
no run, good length on off. The ball's angling into the batsman, who chooses to defend off the back foot.
FOUR runs, shovels a full ball over mid-on. Not the most elegant of shots, but he has managed to get enough behind it to clear mid-on.
OUT, slower bouncer, and that produces the wicket. the bowler has his share of two again. Easy as. Cramps him up too with it, and he gets no power into the pull. Caught at midwicket.
no run, ripping leg break outside off, he tries to cut and misses.
1 run, good length on off stump, and enough room for the batsman to free his arms. Pulled hard, but not well, to the fielder at deep midwicket.
2 runs, flatter one on middle and leg, worked towards the man coming in from deep midwicket. the batsman was made to stretch quite a bit there as he scampered back.
1 wide, full and slow outside off, but that's too wide! the batsman lets it go as the umpire stretches his arms.
no run, short of a length on off stump, defended towards point off the back foot.
FOUR runs, googly outside off, too full for the cut, the batsman throws his bat at it and gets a bottom edge that races past slip and down to third-man for four.
no run, good length outside off, and the batsman misses the pull shot. The ball sneaks under his bat and through to the keeper.
1 run, slower length ball on off, punched to deep point.
no run, yorker now, on off, slight swing away too. Pushed to cover.
no run, looks to pull, cramped for room and gets a thick inside edge onto the pad.
1 run, full and straight, swinging down, clipped away off the toe.
SIX runs, lifts it over extra cover! It's the footwork again, bravely jumping down the pitch and this time hitting with the turn, perhaps because he isn't right to the pitch of this ball on off stump.
FOUR runs, whipped behind square! the batsman is reading the length very quickly tonight, and now he's also gifted a helpful angle by the bowler, helping the ball on its way down the leg side.
1 run, leading edge down to long-off as he looks to whip this googly from outside off, off the back foot.
1 run, fuller, around off, and he smashes this down towards long on.
1 run, punches this length ball on the up to long off. the batsman wanted the second, Cry of anguish from the skipper. Remember the run out from the other night?.
1 run, length ball angling across towards off stump, lets it come on and guides it into the point region with an open face.
1 run, low full toss outside off, gets down and taps it to extra cover to keep strike.
FOUR runs, great shot. Umesh errs in line, on the pads and too full, the batsman flicks it off his pads with minimal follow through, powers it to the midwicket fence.
no run, another slower bouncer, angled across and gets up to chest height on off stump. Swivels too early again, misses, and is dealt a painful blow to the chest.
no run, the bowler zones in on an off stump line, the batsman leaning forward to defend.
no run, turn. Turn and bounce actually. From short of a length, into the ribs, hits his glove, then his chest, and falls away from the fielder.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, sliced to third man.
1 wide, misses his line, down legside and that'll be a wide.
no run, good length on middle stump, defended on the front foot.
1 run, full and into leg stump, gets to the pitch and drives to long-on.
1 run, fuller, towards the leg stump, and he eases this towards deep midwicket. Wants two, but will have to settle for one.
1 wide, bouncer,down the leg side.
no run, round-arm delivery, fired in outside off, the batsman can't get this one away.
1 run, short of a length, pushed past the bowler's right hand for a sharp single.
1 run, good length and angled at off stump. Tucks it into vacant midwicket off the back foot.
1 wide, goes around the wicket and fires one straight down leg side. the bowler hasn't found any rhythm against the batsman. Switch to over the wicket maybe?.
1 run, short, straight, pulled to deep midwicket for one.
no run, fuller, slower, just outside off, pushed to cover.
1 run, full and into leg stump, leans in and flicks through square leg.
(no ball) 2 runs, fuller outside off but squeezed between backward point and short third man for a couple, he's bowling in the vicinity of 150kph but the bowler has overstepped here.
1 run, takes the pace off, but the batsman picks it and pulls to long-on.
1 run, full outside off, hammered down the ground.
no run, slower ball at a length wide outside off, lines up for the slog but is well beaten.
1 run, short of a length on middle stump, whipped to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, slower ball, on a good length. It pitches on off, and the batsman tries to pull it square. He's deceived by the pace, and the ball comes off Faf's bottom edge. That takes the ball finer than he would've like, but the batsman won't mind. Gone for four.
no run, quick legcutter, beats him on the outside edge as he defends.
SIX runs, just clears the boundary. Full on middle and off, the batsman lofts the ball elegantly. Very high but just enough and clears the straight boundary.
no run, misses the pull completely! Back of a length just outside off, but the ball stays low. the batsman misses the shot.
2 runs, follows the batsman with a yorker, who digs it out, and the inside edge actually helps him as he has enough time to come back for two.
FOUR runs, gets outside the line of the stumps and sweeps this fiercely to deep square leg. the fielder overbalances as he dishes in a dive, can't prevent a four. Made a proper mess of that.
no run, ripper of a yorker, superb from the bowler, the batsman just about manages to get his bat down in time to keep it out.
no run, punched straight to cover, good bowling.
1 run, flat, on a length, into the pads, punched down to long-on.
1 run, edge is past second slip. Short of a length and swung away from middle stump. He follows with his hands and ends up steering to third man's right.
1 run, quicker and flatter outside off, dabbed towards point for a quick single.
1 run, slower ball, but wide outside off. Forces him to reach at it, and all he can do is slice it to first slip.
no run, lovely yorker, well inside the wide line, squeezes under his bat.
SIX runs, make it two in two! That's hit harder and deeper into the stands! Length on middle, the batsman went deep in his crease and clobbered it over the deep midwicket fence.
no run, beaten. Full and jagging away off the pitch as he looks to drive through the cover on the front foot. Was probably playing for the cutter into him.
1 run, good length and just outside off, opens the face and runs it to third man.
no run, can't get the scoop away. Slower ball at a good length, wide outside off. Dances into the off side and looks to force it fine. Cops it on the body.
no run, length ball that spins away, the batsman watchfully blocks in the direction of point.
no run, full ball, and he looks to dig it out and can only play it back to the bowler.
2 leg byes, follows him down leg and crashes this full ball into his pads as he looks to flick.
1 run, half-tracker on off, and it's the wrong'un this time. the batsman says on the backfoot and punches to long off.
1 run, the batsman is half forward to manoeuvre the ball behind square with soft hands.
no run, slow, short outside off and the batsman gets a bottom edge this time on the off side.
no run, short of a length, outside off, punched to point.
1 run, short of a length and skidding in at an off stump line. Looks to cut, but is late on it. Ends up bunting it to extra cover's right off the inside half. Takes the run this time.
OUT, but the bowler is no pushover! Full, straight, knocks middle stump back! A hint of away swing too there, from a leg stump line. He wanted to cart this over square leg and completely missed.
no run, back of a length, a touch wider outside off. Presses forward and opens his bat face to dab to short third man.
1 run, angled into him this time, worked to the leg side more easily for one.
1 run, that's a good length for these conditions, just back of full, skidding into the body, and duly defended to the leg side.
no run, slower ball, a little shape away from the batsman as he shapes to slog this straight, and misses.
1 run, slower ball, sliding on low at a length and wide outside off. Shuffles and slogs to deep midwicket off the thick inside edge.
1 run, short of length outside off, goes back and pulls it towards long-on.
no run, length ball outside off, and nudged away with the offspin to midwicket.
1 run, slower ball, short of a good length outside off. He shapes for the ramp but is forced to adjust and push this to short third.
no run, goes back to late-cut a flat delivery, but hits this straight to short third man.
no run, slants one back in from wide of the crease, defended back.
no run, a good yorker on middle and leg, jammed back towards mid-off.
1 wide, back of a length, wide outside leg stump, and the batsman misses the pull. Through to the keeper.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
1 run, misfield by the fielder at mid-off, slips on the field. Dew is telling. length ball that the batsman had pushed.
no run, short of length outside off, stands tall and punches it towards extra cover.
no run, short of a length on off, extra bounce, the batsman keeps it out from the crease.
OUT, yorker again! Perhaps just missing the perfect yorker this time around, but does enough to rattle the furniture as the batsman backed away and tried to go down the ground.
OUT, The keeper juggles, but holds it at the second attempt! The batsman tried to manufacture a glide to third man, but the ball just bounced a little more than he expected. The bounce also took the keeper by surprise, but he manages to cling on to a juggling effort.
no run, length on off, straightens off the seam ever so slightly, the batsman stays back again and defends towards point.
FOUR runs, full on off, the batsman pushes it down the ground with a full face and beats mid-off.
2 runs, full on the pads, the batsman pushes it to long-on's right and they complete an easy couple.
no run, googly at a length on middle stump, steps out and lifts it over the bowler. Won't run.
no run, on a length, outside off, driven on the up, but hit too hard to be taking a single to mid-off.
1 run, another wrong'un, starts too far outside leg, and the batsman works it away for a single.
no run, length outside off, looks to dab it to third man, misses.
1 wide, fires this across the left-hander but just outside the wide line.
no run, a big LBW appeal but no review. It was angled across and just clipped the pad and went through to the keeper. It pitched outside leg and was missing.
SIX runs, lovely shot. Waits for that flight to dip and not turn. the batsman then swats the sweep over long-on with sublime timing, it was close to a cross bat but the power and timing was excellent.
OUT, taken at extra cover. Full and just outside off. Wants to loft this over mid-off. Ends up getting that off the toe-end with the bat turning in his hands. And it's an easy take for the backpedaling fielder.
1 leg bye, darted into the pads, it runs off pad to short fine for a leg bye.
no run, good length at middle stump, gets low for the ramp but is through it early. Looks like that hit the glove, after coming off the cue-end.
1 run, good length outside off, and the batsman punches off the back foot. Hit with the bat's open face, and comfortably played to third man.
1 run, good length on off, the batsman pushes it off the backfoot and is alive to the quick single.
1 wide, good length and wide outside off. Searching for some swing. This goes straight on and is left alone.
1 run, in the blockhole, angling down leg. Looks to get his front pad away from the line and flick, but can't make contact. Rolls off the boot into the backward point region. Was there an inside edge? Maybe.
1 run, wide of the crease, back of a length and outside off, steered down to third man.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked to deep square off the back foot.
OUT, toe-ended to long off! Full, just outside off, and the extra legbreak finds the bat's bottom-half. Slices it into the air, and the fielder makes no mistake. the batsman very disappointed, hits his bat onto the ground in disgust.
1 run, slants in a full delivery on the stumps from wide of the crease, eased down to long on.
no run, starts with a wrong'un. On a length, the batsman looks to cut, but is beaten by the turn away.
no run, pushes this one with a straight bat straight to cover. Dot ball to end the over.
1 run, tossed up on the stumps and nudged into a gap leg side.
SIX runs, that is massive. the bowler bowls the bouncer outside off, hoping to make him cut to the big part of the field, but the batsman moves across to pull this clean out of the ground.
1 run, goes back and across again to flick it to deep square leg.
1 run, good length on off, ball's swinging away late. But the batsman stays still and steers it to third man.
no run, short of a length, around off, gets it high. Defended to point.
1 run, angled across outside off and the batsman happily cuts for one.
1 wide, length ball wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, struck on the grille! the bowler digs it in short and beats the batsman's pull, the ball striking him flush on the grille. But he maintains his composure and completes the run.
no run, the fielder saves four. Flat and wide outside off, the batsman flat-bats that towards the fielder at mid-off. He races away and dives to his right.
OUT, and he is on a hat-trick. That earlier drop has not cost them anything. Lovely carrom-ball legcutter, on a length, outside off. the batsman likes the length and wants to go over long-on, but there is a puff of dust where the ball pitches, and the ball turns away from it. He toe-ends a skier to long-on.
no run, pitched up,from the bowler, punched on the front foot but the batsman isn't interested in running as cover swoops.
OUT, taken at long-on. That's the end of the experiment. A googly, landed at leg stump on a good length. He was looking for the slog sweep, a no-look slog sweep. Ended up slicing it high and Jordan took that safely with a few strides to his left.
no run, full, just outside off, and driven to mid-off. No chance of a single this time.
SIX runs, shot! What a shot! The bowler offers a length ball in the corridor, with all his pace. the batsman is grateful for it on this slow pitch. Stands tall, merely taps from under this and sends it over long-off.
1 run, short around off, backs away and cuts through cover.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, the batsman runs it down to third man.
no run, The keeper misses a stumping! A carrom ball down leg, the batsman looks to launch that over midwicket but misses the variation. The keeper fumbles the collection even as the batsman is scrambling to get back.
no run, crunching drive, super stop at point by the fielder. Threw himself to his left to effect a one-handed stop.
OUT, chipped to cover. A googly again outside off, the batsman just drives loosely and finds short cover. Very loose hands, just throwing his hands at the ball.
no run, flighted on middle, and the batsman drives it straight back to the bowler. Meets the ball before it could even turn.
1 run, another sweep from outside off, just the single, but he is not letting the bowler bowl the way he wants to.
1 run, arm ball at a length, skidding into the stumps. Pushed into the off side from the crease.
FOUR runs, the bowler keeps his line straight to the batsman, but it's too straight and it's neatly clipped down to fine leg for the third four of the over.
no run, he is down on one knee and sweeping from off stumps behind square.
1 run, a flat delivery on leg, worked away to deep midwicket for one.
2 runs, pushed from fullish outside off and nicely placed to run a quick two to deep cover.
1 run, looped up and spins away outside off, driven with the break to the off-side sweeper.
no run, backs away, the bowler follows him, and he pulls but straight to long leg. Turns down the single.
1 run, tossed outside off, slices a drive to deep point.
no run, flighted around middle, comes on the front foot and drives it towards extra cover.
1 run, shorter ball, goes on with the arm, and he whips this towards deep midwicket with a flourish of his wrists.
no run, slower length ball outside off, goes for the pull but misses as it doesn't bounce much.
1 run, length ball just outside off, and angling in slightly. the batsman drops his gloves and plays it towards the leg side off the back foot.
SIX runs, slogged over long-on. Full and flat outside off, goes with the turn after getting down on a knee and nails the connection.
no run, on a length, middle and off, defended.
OUT, the batsman steps out, the bowler foxes him with a quicker googly, hits the thigh pad. Lbw.
1 run, floated up at middle stump and drilled off the front foot. The fielder tumbles to his left at mid-on to stop.
no run, gets across the stumps and dabs this away-going length delivery.
no run, appeal for lbw but not given! A quick ball, length on middle, and skidding into the batsman. Misses the leg-side flick, and the ball hits his pads.
1 run, shares down to make it a half volley on the off stump and smashes it along the ground to deep point.
1 run, full on off, and he swings across the line. Mistimed to midwicket, but they're off for the single. Chance of a run-out at the batsman's end, but he can't get the direct hit.
no run, overpitched outside off, the batsman backs away and jams an attempted drive into the ground.
1 run, lovely yorker, on leg, the batsman is not getting this anywhere. Dug out for just the single.
2 runs, picked off through midwicket for a double.
FOUR runs, full on off stump, and he's trapped on the front foot. Tries to defend, but takes the outside edge. Oh dear, he's managed to play it fine enough!.
1 run, mistimes an attempted hoick to deep square leg.
2 runs, drifts in a full delivery towards the pads, tucked towards deep square.
FOUR runs, just beats mid-off! Unconventional shot - a flat-batted jab with the front leg in the leg side. It's short and rising outside off, and he pushes out at it. Between bowler mid-off.
1 run, length and in at leg stump. Tickles it wide of short fine from the crease.
no run, back of a length and attacking middle stump, the batsman quietly defends it back to the bowler.
no run, cutter at a length on off stump, gets forward and defends to backward point.
OUT, edged to the keeper. the bowler leaps in celebration and why shouldn't he. That one pitched around the leg stump and the bowler angled it nicely to absolutely stifle the batsman with the line and he only tickled it to the keeper.
2 runs, short, outisde off, and he drags this towards deep midwicket. They have run hard, and made it, as the ball was thrown at the striker's end.
1 run, full toss on off, and it's been bunted inside out towards cover. Allows them to take the single.
1 run, short on middle, hurries the batsman up even as he tries to control the pull shot, nearly lobbed back to the bowler, they took off for the run, presenting a potential run-out opportunity but the bowler couldn't gather the ball cleanly.
1 run, superb yorker, swinging in, dipping, the batsman just about gets some bat on it, and the non striker calls him through for one even though the ball hasn't gone far.
SIX runs, full on off, but the batsman walks down the wicket, before absolutely hammering a shot over the fielder's head. Flat six, muscled, what a shot.
no run, speared down the leg side, the ball kissing the batsman's boot on the way down. But the keeper pulls off an athletic stop, tumbling to his left, to save the bye.
no run, good length across the corridor, looks to drill it on the rise through cover and gets an inside edge to the keeper.
no run, nice juicy length ball outside off, nice, clean, aimless swing somewhere in the middle stump vicinity. Beaten.
1 run, short ball, surprises the batsman who swings anyway, and manages to get a single to deep midwicket.
1 wide, oh he completely lost control of that, bowled it way outside off. he'll have to bowl that again.
no run, good length at middle stump, hurriedly defended down the pitch.
no run, slower ball, short of a length just outside off. Chopped to point.
no run, good length and in at off stump, pushed back down the pitch.
1 run, quick, short, the batsman late into the pull, manages to get this wide of midwicket.
no run, left alone and that is just inside the wide line. Quicker one delivered with the fingers, wide outside off.
no run, short of a length and swung in at off stump. Hurriedly tapped to point with an open face.
FOUR runs, this time with a vertical bat. Quick length ball, good bounce, but the batsman flicks this in the air and over midwicket. There is a man at deep square so he has to make sure he doesn't drag this too far. And he manages that.
1 run, short of a length, at him, ramped away to third man for one.
1 run, length on the pads, tucked away to deep midwicket.
1 run, back of a length and spinning in, whipped away wide of long-on.
2 runs, mis-hit, catching chance, but it falls short of long-off racing in off the boundary! the bowler hits the deck with a very fast legbreak and the pitch responds by giving the ball extra fizz, making it bounce awkwardly on the batsman, who skews a pull shot down the ground.
1 run, good length at off stump, leans in and drives along the ground to long-off.
1 run, full outside off, soft-handed push into the off side on the front foot.
1 run, slower ball at a length on off stump, driven on the up to mid-off.
OUT, slash and caught at short third-man! Archer involved in another dismissal, takes it comfortably over his head. It was on a length, just outside off, not enough room for the shot and some extra bounce, the batsman couldn't get the placement right and didn't have enough elevation either for it to clear the fielder.
SIX runs, width offered again, and allows the batsman to free his arms even more. Pure timing as he thumps it over extra cover on this occasion. Goes all the way!.
no run, turns that one a long way outside off and the batsman can't reach it.
1 run, flat ball towards the stumps, and he pushes this down to long on.
3 runs, another slower ball, floated up in the pads, pushed past mid-on, who gives chase but the timing is good for three.
no run, length outside off, wants to flick, closes the face too early. This trickles back down the pitch.
OUT, turns back into him, takes the inside edge and trickles off his body, and the keeper claims this! What a catch, and another wicket. the bowler turning it on when his team needs it! Bowling quick, and getting some purchase from the surface. 
2 runs, too straight this time, down leg and flicked away nonchalantly through square leg for two. Good stop by the fielder, running to his right from fine leg.
FOUR runs, just evades the fielder's hand at backward point. Short-ish again and the batsman slices hard from underneath. The fielder stretches to his right and can't hold on.
1 run, fuller around off, looks to go over extra cover but mistimes it towards wide long-off, only a single.
1 run, full, middle and leg, hit to long-on for one.
1 run, fuller on the pads, comes forward and tucks it towards square leg.
FOUR runs, reverse sweep now. Switches early, takes this from outside what would have been his leg stump, and beats who would have been short third man.
1 run, gentle little dab towards extra cover for a quick single.
no run, length ball on the stumps, a googly from the bowler, comes forward to defend and misses, struck on the front pad but would have missed off.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, punched to long-off.
1 run, length ball on middle, and worked off his hips to square leg.
no run, tossed up, and he cuts this towards point.
no run, full on off, comes forward and defends.
FOUR runs, what a shot length ball outside off, and the batsman went deep in his crease and gave himself room, slapped it past point and into the fence. Was almost off balance, too heavy on the back foot but made such great connection it raced away.
1 run, flighted outside off, pushed to mid-off for one.
1 run, low full toss on the pads, whipped out to deep midwicket.
1 run, arm ball on off, forward and pushed through the off side.
no run, slow length ball, opens the face, and this time the batsman calls a big NO out.
no run, length ball just outside off, defended into the covers off the back foot.
1 run, goes for the yorker, bowls a low full toss, dug out to long-on.
1 run, flat and back of a length, on off stump, pulled down to long-on.
1 wide, slower bouncer, called wide on height.
1 run, pushes this straight of straight extra cover for a single.
1 run, drives the low full toss down to deepish mid-on for one.
no run, very full and darted in from wide of the crease, the batsman hangs back to this full offering and plays around his front pad.
no run, short, angles across him and the batsman lets this pass.
no run, this one seems to have swung away a little. Pushed towards mid-off.
no run, backs away, perhaps too much this time, The bowler slips it full outside off, fifth stump line maybe but the batsman cannot reach there.
1 run, back of a length on middle, and he mistimes a flat-batted pull. Ball rolls along to mid-off as they run across for one.
FOUR runs, hammered to deep midwicket! the batsman bring up 50 with a cracking pull shot. Too short from the bowler.
SIX runs, pumped straight. Attempted googly it seems. But there's no grip, it slides off of a length on off stump. the batsman has the front leg in the leg side and a bat swing to die for.
1 leg bye, turns this towards short fine leg.
1 run, punched on the up to sweeper cover.
1 leg bye, length ball, pitching on middle and leg and going down, the batsman was on the back foot, looks to flick but misses. There is an appeal for lbw but I think it was missing leg.The keeper and the bowler having a chat but they have run out of the time.
1 run, flat fuller one, clipped to deep midwicket.
2 runs, full and just outside off, backs away to make room and forces a drive this time. Miscues to sweeper's left and comes back for the second to bring up his fifty.
SIX runs, he smashes this short ball into the crowd over wide long on! the batsman brings up the win and a half-century in style! Brilliant innings. It was a drag down and he sat back and clubbed it to ice the game.
2 runs, full at leg stump, swept firmly to deep square's left. The fielder covers the ground and then fumbles. They come back for the second.
1 run, full on middle, and going straight through. Driven past the non-striker to long on. He'll keep strike.
3 runs, this time he pulls, doesn't get hold of it as well as he would've liked but will take three as the fielder gives it a laboured chase from mid on.
1 run, good length on middle stump, punched to long-on's right.
1 leg bye, full on leg, and the batsman attempts to flick it towards the leg side. Hits his front leg, though, and that's enough to take a single.
no run, straighter, and he flicks this away towards short midwicket, and quickly turns down the non striker, who was keen on a quick single.
1 bye, slower legcutter, short of a length, outside off, beats him, falls in front of the keeper, and they take a bye off the midfield. Oh replays show this is not a slower ball. It is seam up but just dies upon pitching.
1 wide, very wide. Once again, tries to switch his run-up. Loses control of it entirely.
1 wide, slower ball angled across again, too wide again and called.
1 wide, OUT, leg-side stumping! the batsman loses his balance completely. It's a slider down leg side that keeps going away from him as he walks down the pitch for some reason. Has to reach out a long way for the flick and he won't get there. The keeper's toughest task there is gathering the ball. He does that properly and then the stumping is relatively easy.
SIX runs, oh my, how did he hit that! It was a short of length ball, mid off was in and the batsman lofted it straight over his head for a six!.
1 run, full toss on off stump, he carves it to sweeper cover.
no run, looks for the switch hit, but he gets just enough bat to short third man. Flat and wide outside off, helped along.
2 runs, a slower yorker on middle and leg, clipped away fine and the batsman sprints back for the second, there was an appeal for lbw but the batter shows the bat to the umpire.
no run, back of a length and skids in on off, the batsman moves back and punches it to the bowler.
OUT, no doubt about this one! Short of a length and sliding on outside off. the batsman is still moving into the leg side as he reaches out to stab for a single through cover. That's a clear edge.
2 runs, length ball on middle, and worked off his pads to deep backward square. A couple more.
1 run, full and straight, dug out for one.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked to short fine's right.
1 run, short of length, angling down the leg side, the batsman helps it on its way to fine leg.
1 run, wide slower ball, hit hard, straight to long-off.
1 run, given some air again, clipped off his toes to long-on.
1 run, length ball on off, and the googly turns inwards. He's on the back foot, and works it off his hips to midwicket.
1 run, he is not letting the bowler beat him on the inside edge. Pushes this length ball to mid-off for one.
1 wide, wide down the leg side again. the bowler is looking to deny him any room and erring down the leg side.
FOUR runs, and this time Watson makes room to clear the ring on the off side. And that is the sparsely populated side of the field. Smart batting again. Just chipping it over the infield.
FOUR runs, the fielder is quite a few yards off the deep cover fence, which has resulted in four. Driven past cover in the circle, and the fielder fails to cut the angle or dive to his right. This has cost them two runs.
no run, good length, coming into him, the batsman gets behind it and pushes it towards mid-on, takes one hand off the bat.
2 runs, yorker at off stump, shuffles and can only clip this to deep midwicket's left. the batsman takes on the fielder's arm and comes back for the second.
FOUR runs, digs it in short again. the batsman is waiting for that and pulls through midwicket for four. Shot.
2 runs, overpitched outside off, and that's been mistimed over the infield. Enough behind that shot to take it beyond cover. Off the bat's outside half.
no run, well bowled. Saw him come down the track and bends his back to bowl a bouncer. the batsman ends up trying to upper cut it but misses.
1 run, short of a length again, hardly any turn, punched to deep cover for one.
1 run, full, really full, driven to long-off for one.
OUT, down the track comes the batsman, and this time he's found the fielder. the bowler straightened his line, bowled it at middle and leg to cramp the batsman slightly, and his lofted inside-out drive doesn't carry as far as he wanted.
1 leg bye, big appeal for lbw. Turned down. He got across the stumps and looked to clip that from off stump. Struck in front of off. Or was it outside?.
1 run, back of a length slower one, aiming to tuck the batsman up. Worked quietly off the hip through backward square leg.
1 run, back of a length on middle, punched past the right of the bowler.
SIX runs, and now he seems to have got a hang of the pace of the pitch. Slower ball, just a touch too full, the batsman clears the front leg, delays his shot, and goes over extra cover.
1 run, another very good short ball, angling into the body and always rising up on the batsman. the batsman is in discomfort as he fends it away towards square leg.
1 run, quicker one on middle, neatly tucked around to deep midwicket.
no run, flat and wide outside off, punched to cover.
no run, short of a length just outside off, pulled straight to midwicket.
no run, slower ball, offcutter to begin proceedings. Length ball, just outside off, and the batsman mistimes a front-foot drive to mid-off.
1 wide, goes slower again and trying to get out of the batsman's reach. Ends up bowling a big wide outside off.
2 runs, slower ball, on a length, on off, bunted wide of long-on for two.
FOUR runs, slower and fuller outside off and he's drilled this to beat long-off. the bowler under pressure, crunching stroke that.
FOUR runs, too short and down leg, the batsman picks the length, rocks back and helps it along the way to the deep fine leg boundary.
1 run, shorter length, leg stump, he turns this down to fine leg for a single.
no run, tossed up on off, he defends on the front foot.
no run, full and wide outside off, loses his shape on the expansive drive, gets a thick inside edge to midwicket.
FOUR runs, drilled. the batsman lives for this - a full ball with lots of width outside off. Half a stride before getting very fast hands through this to get it to the cover boundary.
no run, good length outside off again, punched towards cover.
no run, there comes the sucker ball - full and wide outside off - the batsman hangs back, waiting for the bouncer. He jabs to cover.
2 runs, brilliant yorker, aimed at leg stump, the batsman squeezes this out towards long on and they run two. Brilliant over from the bowler.
no run, oooh there's the bounce and movement away from the left-hander. Good length, going across, bounces above waist height while jagging sharply off the seam.
1 run, back round the wicket, dug in and tapped down on the back foot.
1 run, full outside off, and angling away from the batsman. Driven over cover to the man in the deep.
1 run, making room, but the bowler doesn't waiver off the yorker length. Dug out for one to long-off.
OUT, and he has got him out. Slower bouncer, just sits in front of the batsman's face, and he has picked it late and wants to withdraw from his ramp but is late to do so. It runs off the face of the bat for a catch to the keeper. Just no pace on it to take it away from the keeper.
1 run, length, quicker one, really hurried on to him, pushed to deep midwicket.
no run, yorker-length on middle, squeezed back. the batsman struggling to bring the big hits.
2 runs, steps across and ramps over short fine. Another overpitched ball outside off. Gets the front leg into the off side and gets a bit too much elevation on that for it to run away. Plops into the turf and short fine runs back and drags it in.
no run, stays on that in-between length, around off, pushed with an open face.
no run, length outside off, pushed into the off side.
1 run, full ball, and he smashes this down the ground, but only gets it to the fielder at long on.
FOUR runs, yawn. Good length and angled into the pads. Waits on it and holds his shape to clip this past short fine.
no run, good length outside off, but slightly low this time. the batsman tries to cut, but mistimed to point.
1 run, really full on off, forward and driven down to long-off.
1 wide, bouncer, and they get off the mark with a wide.
1 run, opens the bat face late to steer this away-going delivery to square third man. Typical the batsman stroke.
2 runs, sliced to third man as he looks to pummel it over midwicket. Short ball slanted across him. The fielder gives his best there, running in. Has to stop it on the bounce after putting in the dive. Couldn't make it.
no run, length on the pads, clipped away to midwicket.
no run, full on off, comes forward and defends to extra cover.
SIX runs, clubs this over the bowler Unreal hitting arcs on this guy. Completely intimidates the young bowler, who has bowled yet another length ball right at that back leg which is deep in the crease outside off stump. That's the slot for the batsman. And he uses his core strength to hammer it on the up from there.
no run, good length outswinger from off stump, walks down the pitch and defends down the pitch.
1 run, off the middle this time as he pulls it out to deep midwicket.
no run, good length on off, and all DK can do is defend it towards the non-striker. Tight line, and the batsman gives it the respect it deserves.
1 run, knuckle ball just outside off, and Faf manages to push it towards cover. Just a single on offer this time.
1 run, full ball, on the pads, and he chips this in the air towards deep midwicket.
2 runs, rocks back and drives a shortish delivery to deep cover, good placement.
OUT, gives him the charge while giving himself room, but only gets a top edge that flies high over his head. The keeper calls for it, runs till backward square leg and catches it. the batsman won't be happy.
1 run, full on middle, uses his wrists and drills it to long-on.
2 runs, good length on middle stump, steps out and flicks to long-on's right.
no run, length, outisde off, and he punches this back towards the bowler.
no run, loops it up, and keeps it outside off. the batsman looks for the slap through cover and is beaten.
1 run, slower ball, hit hard into the leg side, but doesn't make a clean connection. Gets just the single to deep midwicket.
1 run, over the wicket, short of a length, tucked into midwicket.
OUT, the batsman miscues one to long-on. the bowler floats up a length ball and the batsman's bat turned in his hands as he tried to loft it. Doesn't get the distance desired as a result, and the fielder completes a simple catch.
OUT, short, wide again, and the batsman fails to keep the cut down. However, this has come right out of the screws, but it can't go past the fielder at point. Smart catch, high to his left. Even the bowler is impressed.
FOUR runs, thick outside edge and it's too fast for the fielder at backward point! Same strategy - backs away to try and go over extra cover. Except he makes too much room to reach this full ball outside off with the middle of the bat. Carved over the fielders behind square.
2 runs, length ball, strays on the pads and flicks to deep square leg. The fielder runs around from deep midwicket to tumble and field.
no run, bouncer, middle and leg, he ducks it. That is a good over from the bowler. Started off well, used swing, and then protected the over with a bouncer last ball.
1 run, slower short one at leg stump. Half-ducks and then fends this towards short fine.
1 run, looks for the paddle sweep but can't place it fine of short fine.
no run, checks his shot, punched on the bounce to cover. Square turn for the bowler, but a touch slow.
no run, good length, 145kph, top of middle, he's forced to defend from the crease.
OUT, The fielder takes it at sweeper cover! Full and wide outside off, looks to drill this over the off side, but there's no elevation, it's flat and taken some ten yards inside the rope. the bowler is thrilled.
1 run, down the wicket, the bowler shortens his length, draws a bottom edge on the cut.
1 run, full googly at middle and off. Driven through cover.
no run, full and shaping away, the batsman drives back with some tight footwork back to the bowler.
no run, beaten on the slog as the bowler slows it down. Good length, offcutter, following him down leg side. It's past his inside edge.
2 runs, punched into the gap at wide long off. Back comfortably for the second.
1 run, tapped away to keep the strike.
no run, shuffles across to play this length ball to midwicket.
no run, length at the stumps, backs away and looks to punch through the off side. Inside edge onto the body.
no run, full and just outside off, mistimed drive down the pitch.
no run, slower, short ball, and it takes ages to arrive at the batsman, who plays a defensive shot towards point. That may have been a knuckle ball.
no run, length outside off, mistimed drive to cover.
1 run, carrom ball, short of a length, punched to deep cover for one.
1 run, shuffles across off and works a single to midwicket.
1 run, slower bouncer on middle and leg, the batsman goes for the pull, has to check his shot because of the change in pace, and gets a top edge to fine leg.
1 run, full, swinging in, played with soft hands, dropped into the covers for a single.
1 run, good length at leg stump, lofted drive out to long-on.
1 run, drives this low full toss straight to mid off.
no run, full and wide outside off. Reaches out and drives, straight to extra cover.
1 run, googly, full on leg stump, well forward to drive to long-on.
no run, the batsman ventures outside leg and carves it up to the fielder at backward point. the batsman strays out of the crease, undoes his steps, as the fielder misses a direct hit.
1 run, full on leg stump, but the batsman backs away to the leg side to drill this straight down the ground. Only a single.
SIX runs, smoked over deep midwicket! Full ball just outside off, gets low with the bat coming down from a third man direction. Then connects with perfect timing and nails the slog sweep.
1 run, slower ball on middle, spotted by the batsman and picked up towards squareleg's left.
no run, full on off, and nudged off the front foot to the off side. Can't beat the fielder at cover.
SIX runs, googly on middle, spotted early and taken full toll of as the batsman extends his arms and launches it over long-on.
2 runs, short of a length, into the pads, tucked in front of long leg for two.
2 runs, a late dab is running away for four towards third man but the fielder sprints and dives to his left and saves two. Excellent effort.
no run, length ball wide outside off, gets down and swipes vigorously at that. Beaten by the legbreak.
no run, too full, driven but off the toe-end to mid-off.
FOUR runs, oh dear, Sunrisers give away another free boundary! Full on off, and he hammers a straight drive to long on. Ball falls just in front of the fielder at the boundary-line, but it hits his ankles before rolling into the long-off boundary.
no run, fuller ball, and he tries to tuck this towards midwicket.
1 run, full slower ball on leg stump, whipped out to deep square.
no run, good length and in at middle stump. Defended uppishly into the covers with hard hands and static feet.
1 run, good length and outside off, helped to third man.
1 run, full on off stump, driven to extra cover where the fielder - believe it or not - allows it to come on, puts a barrier behind it and fields one with his body completely aligned.
SIX runs, what a rude and dismissive welcome to the bowler. Makes room and lofts this length ball over mid-off.
FOUR runs, outside edge goes for four. the bowler's not having any luck. Gets the batsman's leading edge. Good length on off and the batsman was looking to flick it across but gets a thick edge. No slip and he gets a four for it.
no run, back of a length on middle, and that gathers some extra bounce! Forces the batter to sway away from the ball's line.
OUT, The fielder takes that! He misjudged that as well but he's taken a one-handed stunner!.
1 run, short of a length outside off, dabbed to third man.
FOUR runs, hammered down the ground as the batsman gets his boundary away. Took a skip down the pitch, gave himself a touch of room, and drove on the up straight of mid-off.
FOUR runs, back of a length on middle, the batsman inches forward and clubs it away to the right of mid-on for back-to-back boundaries.
1 run, quick thigh-high full toss, and he gets no power into this. Just the single to deep midwicket.
1 run, full, outside off, driven down the ground.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched crisply on the front foot, straight at the bowler.
no run, googly to finish, sits up for the cut - but the batsman finds the fielder this time.
no run, the bowler hits a hard length on middle, slides in, messes with the batsman's sweep and hits the pad.
no run, flatter on the stumps, goes back and pulls, cannot get past short midwicket.
2 runs, outdoes him with the slower ball but the mis-hit flies straight of mid-on. the batsman well early into it. Didn't pick it at all.
no run, wide length ball, but just inside that wide line. The batsman leaves it alone thinking this will be called but the bowler is pinpoint with his accuracy.
1 run, looks for the lap, the bowler takes his line wide, the batsman gets bat on it, but can't place it fine of the deep fielder behind square.
1 run, length down leg, worked to deep midwicket.
1 run, hit back hard at the bowler, he sticks his right hand at it, but the parry doesn't carry to mid-on. A little harsh to call this a drop.
1 run, flat-batted over the bowler! Back of a length outside off, and he toe-ends a pull to long on. Nearly carries to the fielder at long on.
FOUR runs, middles this one. Short of a length on middle stump, half a stride forward before swinging his arms across the line of this and getting it past midwicket.
1 run, hit hard but can't pick the gap, straight to long off.
1 leg bye, fires in a yorker at the toes. Does well with the free hit.
SIX runs, they might need another ball now! the bowler persists with the back-of-a-length stuff, and the batsman rocks back into a fiery pull, sending the ball way into the stands beyond midwicket.
1 run, down the track and forced down to long-on off the inside half.
1 run, length ball on off, and angling into the batsman. He drops his hands, and defends it towards the leg side. The batsman wants the quick single, and he manages to complete it easily. the batsman looked kinda surprised by the pace!.
1 run, back of a length on off, the batsman allows the ball to come onto him, then lets it slide off the face to the fielder at short third man.
2 runs, down the track and has a thrash at it down the ground, but doesn't get hold of it properly and long-on collects.
1 run, tossed up outside off, draws him forward,the batsman obliges and pushes it to point.
no run, length, outside off, may have been the carrom ball, and it beats the batsman' outside edge.
1 run, length outside off, steered to third-man.
1 run, length ball swinging away wide outside off, taps on the up to sweeper cover.
2 runs, spanked out to wide long off, and that's that.
no run, short outside off, he swivels for the pull but mistimes it along the ground to mid-on. Was probably too wide outside the off stump for the stroke as well.
SIX runs, walloped too short again and not far enough outside off, the batsman's powerful forearms to the fore as he short-arm jabs it well over long-on.
no run, length and wide outside off, left alone.
SIX runs, shot! Too short from the bowler, and angled across the batsman just enough to give him the room to free his arms. Gets on top of the bounce around off, and shovels a pull over backward square leg.
1 wide, short! On off, but always going over the batsman's head. Extras.
1 run, length on the pads and clipped away crisply to deep squareleg.
1 run, short of a length, jumps and runs it down to third man with an open face.
2 runs, slower ball at a good length, just outside off. Opens the face and runs it fine of third man.
1 run, down the wicket again, the bowler goes shorter, draws a bottom edge for one.
1 run, goes back and whips this indrifter to deep square leg.
1 run, full and straight, driven to long-on for one.
1 run, slides into the batsman's pads and it trickles into the leg side off the pads.
no run, good length, wide again, he mistimes this square drive dragging it to mid off.
FOUR runs, ah, shot! The aesthetic value of that is just unbelievable. the batsman simply leans into a punch through the covers, in the process covering for the late movement and using the pace to his advantage as he throws his weight behind it.
FOUR runs, tickled fine. Short of a good length, slanted into leg stump. He had shuffled so had enough room to jab at this and get is past the keeper's dive.
2 runs, extremely full outside off, squeezed out through the off side.
2 runs, short of a length outside off, punched to sweeper's right.
1 run, back of a length at the stumps, worked backward of square as he closes the face.
1 run, steps out and squirts one off a thick inside edge to long-on.
1 run, driven to long-off.
1 run, on a length, outside off, punches this square of deep cover, but the batsman is not sprinting a tight second.
FOUR runs, floated up full, the batsman rolls out the reverse-sweep, squirted past backward point and that'll run away! Cute stroke and well executed.
2 runs, length ball, into the pads, meat and drink for the batsman. Takes a couple past square leg.
1 run, dropped short and outside off, cut to sweeper cover off the back foot.
no run, forced to evade that. 145kph bouncer lifting up at his face. Was halfway into a hook before that rose up and he got out of the way.
1 run, full on off, and he walks down the wicket before drilling a shot to long on.
no run, flat, on a length, on off, punched to short cover.
1 run, bowl short again, pulled to deep midwicket for another single.
FOUR runs, down the leg side, the batsman misses out, but still gets four leg-byes. Oh hang on, he might have got a bit of an inside edge too.
1 wide, bouncer, dug in too short outside off. Left alone.
no run, slower ball, wide ball or is it? No, not given this was within the wide line. Touch-and-go call.
1 run, shorter and outside off again, the batsman stabs it away to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, swept over point. Full ball outside off, he jumps into a left-hander's stance but the grip is much the same. What matters though is the connection is perfect to send this legbreak to the point boundary.
1 run, backs away to make room, but the bowler gives him none. Hit hard to long-off for one.
no run, tossed up, googly, angles across, and beats the outstretched forward defensive. Great bowling by the bowler.
no run, good length and pushed across him outside off. Left alone.
no run, slower short ball outside off, looks to power that off the back foot over deep midwicket but is beaten by the variation.
1 run, good length and this time it turns away with a similar release. Wide outside off, chopped off the under-edge into the covers.
1 run, goes for the yorker, dug out for a single to deep point.
no run, another dot ball, back of a length at middle and off, no width and not much pace to work with, can't find a gap on the leg side.
1 run, full outside off, whipped down to long-on.
FOUR runs, that's tripe. What was that?  a slower ball, that's okay. But it's short too. the batsman waits and waits and pulls through square leg.
FOUR runs, half-volley outside off, the batsman clears his front leg and simply blasts it past the bowler with immense bottom-hand power.
1 run, down the track and clipped through midwicket for two.
FOUR runs, carved behind point. Full and some width outside off, once again he just stays deep in the crease and opens the face on this.
1 run, the batsman stands his ground this time, and drives this full ball down to long-on for one.
1 run, good length on off stump, driven with the turn to sweeper cover.
3 wide, full toss outside leg stump, and the batsman misses the pull. But the keeper can't hold onto it either, which forces the fielder - at short fine leg - to go chasing behind it.
1 run, slanting into middle and leg, worked towards deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, paddled to the fine leg boundary. Good length and sliding into the stumps. Gets the front leg into the off side, back knee on the floor, and helps this along.
2 runs, the fielder runs in from wide long-on, dives forward, but the ball drops in front of him. Hits a hard length on middle, spliced in the air.
1 run, short and wide, another cut that finds deep point.
1 run, length ball, outside off, punched to long-off for one.
1 run, more blips on the way, though, as the batsman looks for a big shot down the ground and gets a thick outside edge for a single to third man.
no run, length outside off, punched straight to cover.
1 run, floated up slow and overpitched outside off, driven down the ground nicely, but long-off is in place to keep it down to one.
3 runs, slower offcutter again, and he manages to hit this over cover.
no run, fullish on middle stump, makes a bit of room and punches to short extra.
1 leg bye, full slower ball follows him down leg side. He gets on a knee for the sweep but cops that on the front pad.
FOUR runs, outside edge past slip! Oh the bowler will think about this all night if the batsman makes runs today! He's beaten him in flight, got the ball to turn away from length outside off and induced an edge.  Slip is very very wide and that's four.
OUT, can't clear mid-off. Overpitched and just outside off, wanted to loft that and was in decent shape and all. But he couldn't find the elevation to beat the fielder's perfectly-timed leap.
1 run, length just outside off, pushed to point's left with an open face.
FOUR runs, connects this time finally an he finds the gap too. Scrambled seam with a lot of room outside off, he gets to free his arms and sends it flying through the covers.
no run, good length at the stumps, looks to force off the front foot and gets an inside edge onto pad.
2 runs, length, angles across him and he dabs it down towards third man. That looks headed for four, but the fielder comes diving away to his right and gets his hands to it. Seems to have done enough to get rid of the ball, just before his body hits the rope. A tough one to call. He might have just done enough to save two .
no run, beaten. 148.7kph, short and just outside off. the batsman hurriedly backing into the leg side and having a swish, out of balance.
no run, down the wicket, the bowler slows it down, and he ends up playing it back to the bowler.
1 run, short ball banged in, he tries to pull but mistimes it to midwicket.
no run, short of a length, seaming in, hits him high on the pad.
1 run, another low full toss, but this one is slow and in line with the stumps, and the batsman is happy to push it down to long-on.
OUT, back of a length outside off, and Umesh tries to heave it over the off side. Slices it eventually, and the ball's in the air once again. Cover takes his time to get under it.
1 run, wrong'un, wide outside off, gets the single off the bottom edge.
no run, length ball, defended.
no run, cracked away but can't pierce the off side ring, hit straight to cover point.
FOUR runs, walks at him, gets inside the line and flicks this to the right of deep forward square leg. This is along the ground.
OUT, can't clear mid-off. Length ball slanted across off stump and he looks to loft this on the up. Gets it off the toe-end and the fielder takes running to his left.
no run, shifts back to a length ball and punches to cover.
1 run, low full toss outside off, has a slog and it's miscued. Trickles to long-on's right.
SIX runs, slapped over the midwicket boundary! Slower short ball sitting nicely up for him and he has slaughtered that off the front foot.
no run, very full, angled into the toes, defended to the leg side.
1 run, length on middle and leg, he hops back and tucks this into the vacant spaces at mid wicket.
2 runs, skids one across, the batsman plays this delicately past slip. The fielder gives it a good chase from short third man to pull it back in.
no run, good length and just outside off, tapped into the covers on the up.
1 run, mistimed this time. the bowler pitched it on middle, but the ball jagged in sharply. Hits the shoulder of his bat, and goes towards square leg.
1 run, too full and too straight, picked off to deep midwicket.
no run, on a length, cross-seam, hurries the batsman up a touch. Hit to mid-off.
1 wide, sharp bouncer, 138ks, but this time it is a tough too high. Called a wide.
1 run, tossed up once more, another drive to long-on.
no run, gripping! Tossed up outside off, and turning away from the batsman's bat as he tries to work it towards cover.
no run, can't split the gap at cover. Timed superbly but straight to cover.
1 leg bye, full and straight, hits the pad, but angling down leg.
no run, short outside of, and The batsman cuts it late. Straight to short third man though. Slightly better direction and that would've been four.
no run, slower ball, short and cutting away from the corridor. Looks to turn it into the leg side but can't get it off the pitch.
1 run, comes down the track and bunts a fuller ball towards long on.
1 run, slower in the air, turns, takes the outside edge towards short third man. This time the batsman takes the one.
no run, another inside edge onto the pad. Clear signs the ball is not coming on. Another accurate slower ball.
1 run, some dip on this offbreak, and the batsman mis-hits this to long-on for one.
OUT, loopy full-toss slanting away outside off, knuckle ball, the batsman is forced to reach out for the ball. He loses his shape and ends up toe-ending a catch to the fielder at extra cover.
no run, good comeback, wide yorker outside off at normal pace. He doesn't connect.
FOUR runs, full, wide outside off, and the batsman backs away to muscle a shot over cover. Ball flies off the bat's toe end and races away to the backward-point boundary.
1 run, length, and he has hammered this off the toe-end towards long on.
no run, back of a length on top of off, punched back to the bowler.
1 wide, angles this wide, but too wide. Called a wide.
3 runs, mistimes a hoick, The fielder runs to his right at deep midwicket and stops it with a sliding tackle, ends up deflecting it off his boot to another fielder. Saved a couple of runs.
2 runs, length on middle, picks it up over the bowler's head and to long's right for two.
OUT, sharp turn, and the keeper is appealing for a stumping! And the batsman's walking, Nicely bowled by the bowler, bowled it slower and held it back a little. It's dropping onto a good length just outside off, not quite full enough for the slog against the turn, and the batsman is early on the shot too. The length forces him to reach for the ball, and that causes his back foot to slide out of the crease. The rest is left to the keeper's fast hands - excellent work, since the ball bounced quite a bit, and he had to rise to his toes to collect the ball and then complete the stumping.
2 runs, slower ball, short of a length, outside off, he pulls this wide of long-on for two.
1 run, shortish and wide, carved to backward point.
1 run, short of a length, straightening from middle, the batsman whips it to mid-on.
2 runs, full and sliding into the pads, flicked superbly into the gap towards deep backward square leg.
FOUR runs, to the fence. Short of a length and tucking him in the corridor, but he times this back foot punch pretty well. Straight to cover point who is late getting down on it.
no run, back of a length on leg, worked to midwicket.
1 run, a nice yorker, or very full ball. Full and straight, pushed away to mid-on.
1 wide, knuckle ball dug in short and down leg side. He can't get bat on the pull.
1 run, full, middle and leg, nudged to square leg for what looks like a risky single but the fielder fumbles to make it a comfortable one.
no run, good length, on the pads, and he's caught on the pads trying to flick that.
1 leg bye, length ball on middle and leg, the batsman looks to flick but misses, but still scampers through for a leg-bye, the bowler looks to kick the ball on to the stumps but misses. Think the batsman was in anyway.
no run, good length and honing in for off stump. Tentative push out from the crease.
SIX runs, smokes it! Uffff that is proper connection. Stepped out and was nowhere near the pitch of this short of a length middle stump offbreak. Doesn't matter. Stays composed behind the line and swings it in the direction of wide long-on.
1 wide, short and down leg side, left alone.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, punched to deep midwicket off the back foot.
2 runs, shorter on the hip, he works this off the hip behind square, they push for two, taking on the fielder's throw and it's wide of the stumps! It would have been tight if the throw was better.
1 run, back of a length on off, he opens the face and slices this to third man.
1 run, short, wide, stays leg-side of the ball and scythes it away to the off-side sweeper.
no run, good length outside off, steered to point.
1 leg bye, another legcutter, angled into middle and leg, the batsman looks to whip but gets some thigh pad on this.
FOUR runs, advances down the pitch, The bowler throws it short and wide, and he slashes this over point. No fielder in the deep, and that means it's four on this really fast outfield.
1 run, back of a length on top of off, the batsman sits back and punches it down to long-off.
1 wide, moves across this time, the bowler goes wider, and has been called for it.
no run, length, flat and sliding into middle. Defended down the pitch on the front foot.
2 runs, tossed up, driven in the air but straight of cover and wide of long-off for two.
no run, good length at off stump, defended off the back foot.
1 run, full in-dipper at the pads, leans in and clips it to mid-on's right.
no run, gets off his toes to nudge the shortish delivery off middle stump to midwicket.
no run, the batsman reaches out for a cutter but misses it outside off. Beaten. Time out.
1 run, full outside off, driven along the ground to long-off.
no run, crunched from the crease but hit straight to point.
1 run, on his backside at the striker's end, and lying prone at the non-striker's. What a delivery for the batsman. Sharp bouncer from the bowler, hits his glove, and the force of it knocks the batter down. Only to realise the non striker is pushing him for the quick single. And he has to dive at the non-striker's end to make it.
(no ball) 2 runs, a full toss above waist. Mistimed pull to deep square's right but that is three bonus runs.
1 run, scorching cover drive, down to the fielder in the deep.
1 run, the batsman forays down the track, The bowler attacks his ribs with a short ball, flapped to the leg side.
no run, full on off stump, driven straight to mid-off.
2 runs, fullish outside off, slower ball, slashed to deep cover.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, pulled to deep midwicket on the bounce.
no run, fires one into the blockhole, the batsman somehow manages to jam his bat down to keep it out.
1 run, the bowler hits a hard length outside off, stabbed into the covers.
1 run, short ball, he's getting low and smashing a pull shot flat but straight to deep midwicket for one.
SIX runs, different angle, but the same result! Oh dear Full outside leg, and the batsman gets down on one knee and paddles this over fine leg once more.
1 run, good length and just outside off, steered with the angle to deep point's right.
no run, length ball on off, and angling into his body. Tucks it towards midwicket off the back foot.
no run, that's the best of the lot. On a length and subtle movement off the deck as he nearly shaves the batsman's outside edge.
no run, carrom ball, he sees it turn, punches it to cover.
OUT, the bowler has got him five times out of six. That is an ordinary shot. Outswinger just outside off, and he is looking to flick this to leg. The leading edge settles with the bowler.
1 run, low full toss on off, but once again takes the pace off. Clipped off the batsman's pads to deep midwicket for a walking single.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended into the covers off the back foot.
1 run, short of a length and into the stumps, punched to long-on off the back foot.
OUT,slower ball does the trick, length outside off, the batsman pushes at it with hard hands, cannot keep it down and ends up hitting it straight to the fielder at extra cover, near chest height. The fielder bends his knees and takes it with fingers pointing upwards.
no run, beaten on the cut. Short of a good length and swung away outside off.
no run, good length and sliding onto middle stump. Defended down the pitch.
4 leg byes, strays on the pads again. Not a bad line. But it's a full toss down leg. the batsman misses again. The ball ricochets to the fine leg boundary off the pad.
1 leg bye, really quick, draws a grunt out of the batsman as this hits him on the body after following him with the angle. Only a leg-bye here.
1 leg bye, angles in to hit the batsman high on the thigh as he tries to work this square, they scamper a leg bye.
1 run, fuller on the pads, flicked away towards short fine leg, The fielder makes a diving stop to his right, saves three for his side.
SIX runs, slog sweep to see the bowler off! Once again, the batsman has picked his release shot with perfect judgement. This is tossed up full and at middle stump. He's quickly on his knee, front leg out in the leg side, and sends that over deep midwicket.
1 run, short outside off, the ball turning away, swatted to long-off. Don't think he read that one.
no run, off the glove, but falls short of the keeper. Back of a length down leg, The batsman is hurried on a pull and all he can manage is a bit of glove.
FOUR runs, gives himself room to the leg side and bludgeons a short-of-a-length delivery through the covers.
1 run, short of a length and skidding on. Looks to punch through cover, thick inside edge to long-on.
4 leg byes, short and into the hips, shuffles across and tickles it fine off the thigh.
1 leg bye, cuts in from a shortish length, the batsman gets the batsman on the hip as he tries to work it away with a cross-batted whip.
FOUR runs, punched wide of mid-on and into the boundary. Full toss on leg stump, strong base, quick wrists.
no run, walks outside the crease and bunts this length delivery to cover again.
1 run, tossed up on middle, driven down to long-on.
SIX runs, slapped! This is gully cricket style. Fab shot. Saw him drop shot, reached out and was on one leg as he hammered this in front of square, Disdainfully done.
SIX runs, full toss. Straight. the batsman says thank you very much. Gets on a knee, and uses all of his 143ks pace to guide it over fine leg for six.
1 run, short of a length, on the pads, worked to leg for one.
no run, full and wide outside off, and Hardik can't connect with the drive. Through to the keeper on the full. Excellent ball given the game situation.
FOUR runs, short and angling down leg, the batsman helps this on its way to the fine leg fence. Too easy.
1 run, length in the corridor, pushed to point's right off the back foot.
no run, good length on off stump, but spinning into the batsman. Turned off his pads to square leg.
1 run, good length and into the pads, flicked to midwicket.
no run, full on off stump, driven to extra cover.
no run, squares him as he beats the outside edge. Good length and ripping away from off stump. He was shaping to poke that through midwicket.
OUT, not the Mankad, but the more prosaic catch at square leg. Lovely bowling I must say. the batsman is looking for the big hit over long-on/midwicket region, but he gets the ball to dip on him, and ends up hitting to square leg, where the fielder takes a diving catch even as the ball swerves away from him. Out comes the thigh-five, and a big leap from the bowler.
1 wide, short and wide outside off, left alone.
no run, slower through the air, full, just outside off, defended with an open face.
no run, good length, tossed right up at off. Watchfully defended on the front foot.
1 run, down the wicket to push this length ball to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, good length just outside off, but sharp angle into the batsman's body. He goes onto the back foot, and defends with the bat's open face. Takes the outside edge, and goes past the keeper's right to the boundary.
1 run, full, middle and leg, driven to long-on.
no run, what a delivery! Full, just outside off, and the batsman prods forward to drive. Ball whizzes past his outside edge, and Bairstow misses a stumping. The ball wasn't in his gloves.
FOUR runs, slower ball outside off and punched between point and cover-point, all timing and that's his first four tonight.
no run, offcutter at a length outside off, shuffles and swings across the line. It skids from under the bat.
no run, yorker to end the over. Draws a dot.
1 run, slower ball, outside off, and he dabs this towards point and gets a quick single. Good response from the non striker, as there was a shy at the stumps on the striker's end.
no run, length ball, wide outside off, and the googly is cut away to cover point.
2 runs, gets inside the line to sweep, gets a toe-end of the bat to end up hitting this towards deep midwicket. The damp ball means the fielder fumbles, and they take the second.
1 run, good length on leg stump, steps out and drives to long-on.
1 wide, strays down leg and that'll be a wide.
1 run, full on off stump, and lifted over the non-striker. But man's there at long on.
no run, good length at off stump, defended off the thick outside edge, to short third man.
1 run, good length on middle stump, and the ball stays low! He drags a pull along the ground to deep backward square. They walk across for the run.
OUT, he's got more elevation than distance,. Swung away and the fielder takes a simple catch off the toe end at wide long-on.
no run, pushes it through nice and full on middle, the batsman though is comfortable playing this too off the back foot.
no run, flat and straight, pushed out towards cover.
1 run, length ball, into the pads, clipped to leg.
2 runs, slower ball, full on the pads, clipped away to deep squareleg's right and they complete a well-run couple.
2 runs, the fielder fumbles at long-on, it was a low full toss on the stumps, the batsman bunts it down the ground, The batsman is coming back for the second, he has dropped his bat at the striker's end but the fielder slips, he still tries to balance himself and throw in the ball, too late though.
1 run, back of a length on off, and the batsman walks inside the line of the delivery and flicks it to the square-leg fielder.
no run, ooh and there's turn there. Pitched on leg, and spun across, takes the shoulder of the bat and rolls away.
SIX runs, tossed up outside off, the batsman charges down the track. He isn't close enough to the pitch but still muscles it over the cover boundary.
FOUR runs, all wrists again! What batting. Back of a length on the fourth-stump channel. The batsman stays low and whips this elegantly through midwicket Beautiful.
1 run, length ball, and he drives this towards cover, where the fielder dives to his left, and quickly releases it to the non-striker's end. Doesn't hit, though.
no run, slower ball, back of a length, climbs over middle stump as the batsman swings early and misses again.
1 run, another pacy 144kph delivery on the stumps on a length, pushed past a diving fielder at cover.
FOUR runs, genius. the batsman knows exactly what's coming. He's made it so - he's making the bowler do it. Another slower ball dropped short, another reverse-swipe to third man.
1 run, The batsman ventures outside leg, slogs to leg, ends up toe-ending a single to mid-off.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched on the up to extra cover.
1 run, length on middle, pushed to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, good length outside off, jabs to point off the front foot.
1 run, diving stop at backward point. Short of a length outside off, makes room and cuts firmly but the fielder stretches out the left hand and stops that from finding the boundary.
no run, stays low! Length ball on middle, and the googly spins across the batsman. He tries to back away and cut, but the ball goes under. Just past the outside of off stump.
1 run, short of a good length outside off, walks into the line again and swipes to fine leg's left.
no run, back of a length on off stump, defended towards mid-off.
no run, on a length, around off, in the slot but the batsman is looking to get himself in.Pushes this to leg.
1 run, nice little cover drive on the up, but can't beat cover. Gets a single off the defelction.
no run, full on off stump, driven to extra cover.
1 run, full and straight on the stumps, squeezed down to long on.
no run, a slower one, length outside off, the batsman was early into the shot, looked to heave it on the leg side, the ball hits the toe end and on the bounce to the keeper.
1 run, pushed through quicker outside off, punched but the fielder does well to sprint to his right and stop that with a dive. Some confusion with the running but they eventually complete the run.
SIX runs, full toss, outside off, and he has deposited this over midwicket again. Looks for a no-ball for height, but that hasn't been given.
2 runs, full on off, and the batsman tries another leg-side slog. Inside-edged onto his pads, and goes towards midwicket. No one there, so the bowler has to run across to the leg side. Allows them to take the run.
no run, slips back in to beat the underedge as the batsman looks to punch on the up.
no run, short of a length, opens the face to point.
1 run, length on middle, doesn't bounce much, the batsman controls the pull along the ground towards squareleg.
1 run, wrong'un, the batsman goes back to work this to leg for one.
1 run, good length on middle stump, and tapped to midwicket. They want the quick single, and completed with ease.
no run, full ball, wide, and the batsman looks to go through the off side but misses out on contact.
OUT, huge wicket. the batsman is the one hitting big ones here, and he is gone. Slower short ball, the batsman is deceived and ends up dragging this short ball to deep square leg instead of the vacant midwicket region. The fielder  takes a low catch.
1 run, good length outside off, swiped to deep square's left with the angle.
FOUR runs, disdainful. Short of a length outside off and he stands in his crease and pulls from outside off stump to deep midwicket. Stunning.
FOUR runs, sets up deep in his crease and slashes a short and wide delivery point point's head. No one in the deep to stop that.
1 run, soft hands again as the bowler gives him neither the length to hit nor the room to swing. Another single to point.
no run, good length and into the stumps. Looks to drive and gets an inside edge onto pad.
SIX runs, rubbish ball! Short, slips this down leg and the batsman sends it deep into the stands behind square.
no run, length ball on off, pushed into the covers.
OUT, full toss outside off, and that's been slogged towards the leg side. It's a flat shot, but the fielder, displays some excellent athleticism in the deep. Slides and takes a diving catch running forward. the bowler applauds!.
no run, full delivery outside off, driven to cover.
no run, on a length, the swing back in cramps him up on the cut.
1 run, full on middle, but straightens after pitching. the batsman thumps it straight, between the umpire and the non-striker, to long on.
1 run, on a length, 140ks, angling in, uppishly driven for a single to long-on.
no run, square turn from leg stump to take a thick outside edge that rolls to short third man. Squared up completely.
no run, good length on middle stump, flicked into the leg side.
OUT, Is that a clean catch from the fielder? He does not claim the catch. The soft signal from umpire is out. They go to the TV umpire now. He dives forward, the fielder stretches his hands out, and wraps his fingers around it. Or did that bounce into the turf and into the hands. The close-ups are quite blurry. No conclusive evidence. TV umpire does not have conclusive evidence to overturn the soft signal. the batsman has to go. This was full and outside off, dragged off the bottom of the bat to long-on. Excellent effort from the fielder.
no run, full outside off, shape away from the batsman, who takes a stride out to meet the ball on the full and defend towards point.
no run, tossed up on middle, but the googly goes down the leg side. Hits the batsman's pads, but they don't bother appealing.
no run, slower ball, 120ks, outside off, on a length, the batsman bottom edges when looking to go over cover.
1 run, advances down the ground and drills this to long-on.
1 run, fuller outside off, driven to wide long-off.
1 run, on the pads again, the batsman clips it off his pads to deep square leg that time.
no run, another cutter, slightly shorter around off, pushed back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, full delivery around middle and leg, the batsman backs away and chips the ball over mid-off.
no run, looks to ramp a bouncer even while ducking. Makes no connection.
no run, slides on outside off, punched to the covers.
1 leg bye, short of a length, into the ribs, they get a leg-bye.
no run, good length wide outside off. Sticks his hands out, and taps towards point.
FOUR runs, wide half-volley outside off, 149ks, leans into it and caresses a square-drive.
1 wide, slower ball. Pitches and cuts away from the wide marker. the batsman leaves.
no run, flat and straight again, punched to cover. Excellent over from the bowler.
1 run, good length offcutter on leg stump again. Shoveled to deep square off the front foot.
no run, oh misses out. On-pace length ball. Right in the slot. He swings across its line, and is beaten.
1 wide, length ball down leg side, can't get bat on it.
OUT, gets down for another big slog. Not full enough and raps the pad of the batsman. He's hanging around contemplating a review but ends up walking away. Comes on straight from a length and pins him in front of middle and leg.
SIX runs, lofted over wide long-on! the batsman waits on the slower ball and lofts it into the leg side. Held his balance. It's a dipping wristspinner at middle stump and he got his weight into it.
1 run, good length at the stumps, pushed into the leg side off the front foot.
no run, leading edge that rolls to point. Bat was angled towards mid-on.
2 leg byes, signs of dew as the fielder slips when fielding this at third man? the batsman looks for the big pull over midwicket this time, gets an inside edge onto the pad, and the deflection goes fine of third man.
1 run, short of a length, straight, he moves across to work this to long leg for one.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, tucked around the corner.
2 runs, a touch shorter, on leg stump again, goes back to work it through square leg.
no run, good length and slanting away outside off, the batsman opens his face and dabs it straight to short third man.
1 run, short on middle, hint of turn away, the batsman rocks back and pushes it to long-on.
2 runs, hit hard on the up and straight to extra cover, but a misfield there gives them two runs.
1 run, short outside off, punched down to long-off.
OUT, picks out deep square! This is disastrous It was an incredible shot -  a short arm whip off his hips at this length ball on leg stump. But he's launched it straight to the fielder there! Oh dear, this is getting tense.
1 run, googly at off stump, on the back foot and whips to long-on.
no run, fuller, angles across him, and beats the outside edge of a tentative poke.
1 wide, tries a wide slower ball this, and has been called for it.
1 run, length ball, on the pads, clipped into the bigger side of the field, but the fielder does well at long leg to keep them down to one.
1 run, and that's the quickest I've seen the batsman run in a while. Good length on leg, and he clips it to square leg for a quick single. Giant steps across means he completes it with ease.
no run, full on leg stump, and the batsman misses the leg-side swipe. Hits his front pad, and big appeal from the bowler, but the ball would've gone down leg stump.
1 run, flatter slider, punched to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, a full toss on the stumps but the batsman fails to put it away, ends up working it towards deep square leg.
FOUR runs, now through the covers! Dropped short once more, at a middle stump line. the batsman winning the mind games. Backs away and lashes at it with a flat bat.
1 run, a paddle scoop over the keeper and it is just out of the reach of the fielder running back from slip!.
no run, beaten. Good length and wide outside off, can't connect on the slash.
no run, big heave, hit on the pad. looked to step out and go over square leg, played too early.
no run, arm ball, slides in, played back to the bowler.
1 run, goes back to punch this flat delivery to extra cover.
1 run, on a length, straight, dropped to cover for one.
1 run, slightly shorter of that length, he punches at it, gets a thick edge for a single to third man.
FOUR runs, oh that is superbly done. the batsman summons all the composure he's shown so far to get one past point. Full outside off and he opened the face and caressed it to the fielder's right.
1 run, turns this shortish delivery gently behind square for an easy single.
SIX runs, length, and he goes over midwicket. Terrific timing, and not much to worry about placement .that could only have been caught in the crowd.
1 run, tossed outside off, nudged to wide mid-on.
no run, The bowler bowling smartly. Using his open stance to go wide outside off. the batsman struggles to reach it again.
no run, overpitched outside off, and the batsman mistimes the straight drive. Plays it back to the bowler on this occasion.
FOUR runs, just past a widish slip that bounce is doing its work. Great length from the bowler and gets it to rise uncomfortably high. the batsman wanted to steer it away, gets it high on the bat. The fielder at a wide slip dives to his right but the ball just eludes him.
1 run, short around off, pulled to deep square leg.
1 run, plenty of revs on this one, driven with the spin to deep cover as they jog the single.
FOUR runs, full on off, and that's drifting into his pads. the batsman takes a step forward, gets inside the line of the ball, and then drives it past midwicket for a classy four.
FOUR runs, slower length ball this time, 122 kph, the batsman backs away and smashes it square off the wicket, sweeper puts in the dive but cannot stop.
1 run, short, wide, carved to sweeper cover.
no run, stifled appeal for lbw as the batsman plays back but would have missed leg.
no run, length in the corridor, defended off the back foot.
no run, short on off and going away from the batter. Tries to play the uppercut, but misses. Collected by the keeper from in front of his pace.
FOUR runs, short on middle, and angling into the batsman's body. He allows it to come to his body, and then muscles a pull square to the leg side. Deep midwicket can't cut it off.
no run, fuller around off, comes forward and pushes it back.
1 run, full just outside off, and that's been smashed past the bowler's left. Long off patrolling the boundary.
no run, full ball, and he digs out a yorker between his legs towards short fine leg. The Natmeg!.
1 run, full on the pads, tucked away to deep squareleg.
OUT, flighted again, but this time he gets his dancing shoes on. Comes down the wicket, and tries to slog it over long on, but can't get the distance. Taken at long on!.
FOUR runs, fuller around off, backs away and hits it through extra cover, mid-off had no chance either.
SIX runs, just clears the fielder at long-on! Oh boy, that didn't look like it had traveled the distance when he first hit it. Attempted slog at a short of a length ball, on the front foot, off the bottom of the bat. The fielder has run in rather than along the rope and this has just cleared him. Out if he was on the line.
no run, pitched up on middle, hangs back and taps the ball to mid-on.
no run, turns from a good length, and opens up the batsman. Strikes him on the pad as it turns away, and the batsman is given out! He has referred this immediately. The front foot is fine, the ball appears to pitch in line, and there's no outside edge on this. Should be gone, as it strikes him on the back leg. the bowler has turned this match on its head. Oh no it's missing the stumps! For height!.
1 run, that was hit incredibly hard but straight to the man at deep midwicket. Length ball outside off and he swiped it with power, but went flat and one bounce to the fielder.
1 run, fired in on leg stump, the batsman drills it to long-off.
no run, another slower short ball outside off, the batsman does not spot the change-up and misses again.
FOUR runs, slaughtered. He knows exactly where the bowler is going to bowl this. Short and at middle stump. Some extra juice with the fingers rolled over it too. All it does is give him more time and he slaps it over extra cover.
no run, full toss again, wants the wide yorker, fortunately for him, this is drilled straight back at him.
2 runs, slower legcutter this time, hit over the infield on the off side for two.
no run, good length and across off stump, left alone.
no run, length, and he defends this towards point.
1 run, punched to long on.
1 run, around the wicket to the batsman. Good length on off, and angling into him. Defended off the back foot towards the off side with ease.
1 run, whips this length ball on middle and leg to square leg.
1 run, full outside off, carved away over the in-field to sweeper cover.
1 run, pulled, but not in control. Gets this wide of mid-on.
no run, back of a length and breaks away outside off, the batsman flashes and sends an outside edge to short third man.
1 run, leading edge wide of cover, was looking to work this through midwicket.
1 run, on a length, outside off, goes back to punch this to deep midwicket for one.
no run, short of a length outside off, punched away but can't get it past extra cover.
1 run, good length outside off, jabbed to backward point.
no run, and he starts with a slow yorker, delivered at just 110km/h but right on target and aimed at the batsman's toes.
1 run, good length outside off, 138 kph. He's generating decent speed. Pushed away towards cover for a quick, and well-judged single.
no run, full and in at middle stump, flicked straight to short fine.
1 run, back of a length, shaping away outside off, the batsman reaches out and pats it to deep backward point.
OUT, holes out to deep midwicket! Is that the end  Full on off, and to be honest, in the batsman's arc. The slower delivery does the trick though, and finds the toe end of the batsman's bat. In the air for ages, but too simple for the fielder.
FOUR runs, the batsman in scintillating form. Makes room to cut this perfctly okay delivery - short of a length, at the stumps - over cover for four.
1 run, full, on the pads, pushed wide of mid-on for one.
FOUR runs, the extra ball gets punished! Overpitched on leg stump, and the batsman does well to clip if fine off his toes. Races away to the fine-leg boundary. Time out as well.
no run, beaten on the pull again. Rises up to the rib cage, and hits the batter before rolling to slip. He tried to pull it again.
FOUR runs, lofted over extra cover. Peak SKY. Full and front-of-the hand this, like a legcutter. Gives it a nice skid onto the batsman who lifts it inside-out.
1 run, good length coming into him, tucked around the corner to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, oh lovely.  Googly outside off, and he's quickly down for the sweep once again. Watches it closely, gets inside the line and uses his wrists to shovel this to the vacant long leg boundary.
1 run, full slower ball on off stump, check-punch off the front foot to mid-off.
1 run, full, curving away, worked away to third man.
SIX runs, a touch fuller this time, on the pads and the batsman goes big, slog sweeps it over deep square leg.
FOUR runs, beats short third man. Poor from the bowler. This is full outside off, the batsman uses the pace to run it down. So, so clever.
1 run, length ball on off, punched to mid-off for a quick one.
1 run, a dirty hoick across the line, under-edged to short fine leg and the batsman is up and running.
1 run, wide length ball, times the drive well, gets a single to deep cover.
no run, another short ball, wide outside off, away from the reach of the batsman's hook. Beaten in the end.
no run, 140 kph, the yorker on off, worked to midwicket.
1 run, pitched up on off, the batsman meets the pitch and drives a single down to long-on.
1 run, full on middle stump, gets low and drives uppishly, finds long-on.
no run, back of a length on middle, defended to cover.
1 run, length on middle, down the wicket comes the batsman and pushes it to deep midwicket.
SIX, short this time, The batsman goes back to pull this wide of long-on. The fielder has now conceded four overthrows. Clearly shows his frustration. He collects the throw from the deep, The batsman is already through for his second, and his overthrow has gone well wide of the keeper.
2 runs, slower ball outside off, handsomely punched to sweeper's left on the up.
2 runs, length on middle and leg, flicked to midwicket.
no run, slower ball, on a length, cuts back in, whipped to midwicket.
1 run, good length on leg stump, swept to deep square leg.
1 run, half-tracker outside off, the batsman pulls against the break and ends up dragging it away to wide long-on.
no run, beaten on the cut. Short and climbing into the corridor as he looks to slash that late. Extended appeal for catch by the bowler. He is on his own.
SIX runs, a blockbuster finish! the bowler looks to double-bluff the batsman, the man who mentored him through his early phases in this tournament. He bounces him. the batsman knows it's coming. He's sitting on the back foot. He's ready - he sends the hook sailing over long leg.
OUT, straight to extra cover! the batsman's daredevilry comes to a close. An aesthetically pleasing innings ends in a tame, throwaway manner. Length ball wide outside off. He gives it the charge and can't get elevation on the drive to clear the fielder.
1 run, short of a length at off stump, backs away and gets a leading edge to extra cover's left.
no run, tossed up full and wide outside off, misses on the cover drive.
no run, on a length, into the pads, defended to midwicket.
1 run, hustles the batsman for pace, also targets the ribcage, turned towards fine leg.
1 run, a low full toss on off, 136 kph, worked to deep midwicket for one.
no run, length ball on off, and whizzing past the batsman's outside edge to the keeper.
FOUR runs, slower ball on off, but it's always angling into the batsman. He attempts to pull, and despite it not coming off the bat's middle, the shot has enough behind it for the ball to race away to the square-leg boundary.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, comes down the track and drills it towards long-on.
2 runs, low full toss on middle, and he flicks to deep midwicket. Calls early for the second, and both these men are pretty quick.
no run, good length just outside off, but spinning into the batsman. Defended back to the bowler.
SIX runs, backs away, and the bowler follows him. The carrom ball, the batsman stays low and sweeps over backward square leg.
no run, full and wide outside off, stays slightly low but the batsman chooses to cut again. Hit well, but straight to point.
1 wide, good length on middle, but a lot of turn across the batsman's body. Goes down the leg side.
FOUR runs, too short, The batsman crouching at the crease to get into position for a front-foot pull, and nailing the shot well in front of square.
1 run, length on middle, the batsman shuffles across and helps it along the ground to deep squareleg.
no run, 121kph slower short ball outside off, the batsman waits for the ball to arrive, then dabs it out to point.
no run, full on leg stump, flicked to midwicket.
2 runs, slower ball, offcutter, on a length, outside off, soft hands to push this towards long-on, which allows them to come back for the second.
FOUR runs, nails it this time. Short and at off again, but this time the batsman's compressed his knees a little more to adjust for the lower bounce. Slaps it viciously, wide of mid-on.
no run, length on middle and leg, the batsman flicks it towards square leg.
no run, looks to shuffle across and flick him behind square on the leg side, and he edges a length ball into his pad.
1 run, a low full toss on middle, hoicked away to deep midwicket, on the bounce.
no run, back of a length and skids through outside off, punched off the back foot to short cover.
2 runs, short of a length, the extra bounce allows him to go with the pull over mid-on. Not the sweetest of connections but it clears mid-on.
no run, dropped! The keeper puts one down. Length at off stump. Exposes the stumps and looks to poke into the off side, thin edge and a grab at it from the keeper.
1 run, length ball on middle and leg, tucked away to the left of mid-on.
SIX runs, juicy full toss outside off, and that's in his arc! Gets his front leg out of the way, and deposits this in the stands beyond long on.
1 run, punches this length delivery into the deep extra cover region.
1 run, makes a lot of room early and the bowler follows him with a flat length ball at leg stump. Driven to the right of sweeper cover.
no run, big appeal for lbw, it's a googly, takes pad first but did he get outside off? the bowler was keen, but Dhoni decides not to review. Actually, impact was fine but maybe going down leg side. But the replay shows three reds. Oops.
OUT, the batsman looks to steer it behind point and misses but they go for the bye. The fielder sprints towards the other end, The keeper hits the stumps direct, The batter dives but cannot make it. Coming to the ball, it was a length ball outside off, looked like an offcutter, and bounced once more before reaching the keeper, who was waiting for it with his right glove off.
SIX runs, full on middle, clears his front leg to let the bat come through and that's a beautiful swing, launches it straight down the ground for a massive six.
OUT, low full toss, right in the hitting slot, but he hits this straight to deep midwicket. Just a chip instead of a full-blooded slog. Perhaps the bowler denied him any slogging room by following him.
no run, length outside off, hits it firmly but straight to the extra cover fielder.
1 run, opens the face to steer a good length ball on off stump away to third man.
1 run, slapped to point, where there's a misfield by the fielder. the batsman pinches a single to keep strike.
no run, length on off, nips away off the seam, the batsman has a tentative poke and is beaten.
no run, length, outside off, and he has a waft at that, but misses. Couldn't have been too far from the alleys denoting a wide, but good enough to pass through.
no run, short of a length, outside off, he plays for the turn, gets an inside edge onto the pad.
1 run, gives himself lots of room. the bowler goes the other way, and the batsman reaches out for it, taps to cover.
no run, good length and just outside off, patted into the covers off the back foot.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended off the back foot.
no run, full, swings back in late to hit the batsman on the boot. Impact outside leg. Welcome back. Good shape in for the bowler.
no run, slower and outside off, The batsman looks to cut and gets an outside edge to short third-man.
2 runs, oh he goes for the surprise full straight ball. Driven wide of long-on for two.
1 run, that's well played. Back of a length outside off, chopped away down to third man for a run.
no run, length outside off, plenty of swing back into the batsman this time, as is his wont, he gets his front pad across and in the way but is struck quite high.
no run, good length and sliding in from outside off, chopped to short third man.
no run, short of a length, straight, pushed to midwicket.
FOUR runs, good length on off, and that's been punched off the back foot. The fielder at cover, but the ball just goes over his head. the batsman's lucky but he'll take the boundary.
no run, short of a length, at off, defended with an open face.
1 run, length on off stump, flicked to long-on off the front foot.
1 run, good length outside off, opens the face to drive to sweeper's left.
1 run, length, and he goes back and nurdles this towards long leg.
2 runs, length ball on off, and the googly is worked off the back foot to midwicket. They're going for the dangerous second run, but they're eventually safe.
no run, wrists this full delivery on middle and leg to mid-on.
FOUR runs, straight, but he goes back and cuts this past point. Just a bit of width on offer, and the batter takes advantage of that.
FOUR runs, flighted outside off, and the batsman gives it the thrashing it deserves. Big stride forward, and driven inside out over cover.
1 run, good length outside off, gets forward and clips into the midwicket region which is now vacant because of his last shot.
3 wide, the keeper needs to get his legs behind such balls. Slower bouncer, too high, bounces in front of the keeper and he lets it through.
OUT, and the bowler seals it, but the batsman reviews it. A reverse sweep from the batsman for the ball pitching on middle and leg stump and it's going pretty straight from around the wicket, goes under the bat, hits him in front of the stumps and it's all over.
FOUR runs, 147 kph. That's not the plan with third man up. That indeed is a terrible plan. A short delivery outside off, the batsman just stays underneath the length and lofts the ball over short third man. Lands just inside.
1 run, zippy short of length ball that hustles the batsman for pace, he hops back and tucks behind square to get off the mark.
1 run, short ball, hurries on a little, the batsman pulls it along the ground to deep squareleg.
SIX runs, shuffles across to the leg side, and the bowler goes full outside leg too. the batsman clips it over midwicket, and finally releases some pressure.
OUT, Gone! the batsman early into the pull shot again, it was a straight delivery on a length, did not rise at all and struck the batsman in front. Not a pitch to play across the line and the batsman pays the price.
2 runs, short of a length just outside off, opens the face and runs it to third man's left.
no run, slower ball, right in the slot for the batsman, but he misses out on the straight hit. Just the front leg taking him away from the line of the ball there.
SIX runs, first ball, so what? Muscles it over deep midwicket. Has he been batting somewhere? Slower length ball again, he picked the length super early.
1 run, good length on middle, and once again worked off his hips to fine leg. Chawla the fielder there.
FOUR runs, full outside off, and the batsman's attempted drive takes that familiar outside edge again. Third man tries to cut it off, but his sliding effort ain't good enough!.
no run, short of a length and turning in at middle, cramped and pushes it back down the pitch.
FOUR runs, full, wide outside off, and he creams a cover drive through the infield! Tiny gap between cover and cover point, but finds it nonetheless.
no run, length ball outside off, mistimes a punch towards the bowler, who lets it go through him but mid-off tidies up.
1 wide, short of a length and down leg side, left alone.
2 runs, length ball angling across the batsman, and he tries to ramp it over the keeper. Played to Sandeep at third man.
no run, dug in short again, the batsman gets underneath. The one for the over, well used again.
SIX runs, tossed up outside off, and he swings this inside out it's that slashing shot of his, and it carries over extra cover. Seems to have hurt his shoulder and wrist as he struck that.
FOUR runs, length ball, stand-and-delivered back over the bowler's head! Crunchy shot for a straight four, Curran too easy-paced for that length.
1 run, flat and spins away outside off, forced to sweeper cover off the back foot.
1 run, short ball, sharp, gets big on him, takes the top edge on the pull, but doesn't carry to deep square leg.
1 run, slaps this to the edge of the ring at cover for a single.
no run, beaten by the slower ball. Back of a length and he went for the pull, but too early on it and it goes through to the keeper outside off.
1 run, good length and in at middle stump, whipped to deep square off the toe-end.
1 run, full on middle, and he flicks off his toes to deep backward square. Man there.
1 run, lots of power, but straight to long-off. the batsman pummels this full ball outside off, along the floor.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to deep cover for one.
1 run, plays the short-arm jab down to deep midwicket.
no run, inside edge onto boot as he looks to push this through the covers. Good length and just outside off and he was on the front foot.
no run, full and wide outside off, the ball coming in. Guided to backward point. Lots of dots.
1 run, on a length, legcutter, punched to wide long-on.
1 run, that should be the match! A short delivery outside off, the batsman goes back and goes slashing. Straight to Mustafizur at a good height too, at short third man. The ball bursts out, a big, big drop.
no run, short ball, lots of width, the batsman can't capitalise because he's standing miles away from it, somewhere outside the leg-stump. Reaches out for a slap and barely knocks it to the cover and point reigon.
1 run, overpitched outside off, clubbed down to long-on.
no run, bouncer, 140ks, around off, and the batsman sways out of its line.
no run, pitched right up and cutting in at 137km/h, and again Rohit defends. Bhuvi's seam position in this over has been exemplary.
no run, full on off stump. the batsman takes a stride forward and fends it back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, moves across his crease again and Khaleel is too straight. the batsman is able to flick it nicely to fine leg. Kaul puts in the dive to save the ball, but his boot has touched the boundary. So that will be four.
no run, short ball, angles away from him, and he leaves this alone.
1 run, good length on off stump, slides on. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
no run, targets the stumps with the angle, the batsman pushes it straight back.
1 run, high up and dropped at mid-on! Uthappa puts down a sitter. Full slower ball at middle stump, looks for the big slog and gets it off the toe-end. Uthappa is underneath it and barely has to move. Brings out the reverse cup and simply fluffs it. Might have closed the grasp a bit too early.
2 runs, slower ball outside off, 102.3ks, dragged away to wide long-on for two.
1 run, carrom ball from wide of the crease. But the batsman doesn't care for that, sweeping the ball on length and just trusting his timing.
1 run, full on off stump, driven to long-off.
1 run, length ball slanted in at off stump, punched off the toe-end towards mid-on.
no run, fired way wide of off and not called wide !? Strange call. the batsman was a little outside off but this was way wide and unreachable.
SIX runs, short and outside off, the batsman is airborne as he scythes an uppercut up and over third man. Sails over the deep fielder for six.
no run, and there's the first one. A mean bouncer spitting across him. A tad too wide to make him play though. The crowd feels it.
no run, short of a length, quick, hits him high on the bat. Played to cover-point.
1 run, full and skidding in on off, 142ks, tip and run to point.
1 run, half-tracker on off, and allows the batsman to flat-bat it past the bowler to long on. A loose delivery, that in all honestly, should've been deposited over cow corner.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off. Looks for the pull, gets an under-edge into the pitch.
1 wide, overpitched and wide outside off. Just inside the tramlines as the batsman chooses not to play at it. Smart bowling.
SIX runs, now he shows he can reverse pull as well! This one sails over third man. Helped of course by the length, too short. the batsman had enough time to change his blade, half-stance and of course help that over. Raises the half-century stand.
no run, short of a length and cramped at the body. Hurriedly pushed down the pitch.
1 run, another googly on middle and leg, nudged to deep midwicket for one. Clever from the batsman.
OUT, and he strikes first ball. Parthiv it is, so he doesn't become the first batsman to carry his bat in the IPL. Coming to the ball, it was short down the leg side, Parthiv goes for the pull but ends up hitting it straight to Jadeja at square leg.
1 run, the carrom ball around off, punched to long-on.
1 run, one bounce to deep midwicket. A slower delivery around off, a muscled swat to deep midwicket.
no run, big appeal for lbw, but that's a bad shout. Full outside off, and although he missed the sweep, impact was way outside off.
1 run, low full-toss on the pads, flicked to deep square leg.
no run, slow, sharp turn back in from off stump, defended towards midwicket.
no run, of course he bowls the knuckleball next delivery. Good length outside off, but Suryakumar's through his drive too early. Misses, and goes to the keeper on the bounce.
1 run, back of length on the stumps again and he swivels to pull, but it's a touch quicker so he doesn't time it all that well and deep square leg fields.
no run, googly, good length and at off stump. Blocked on the front foot.
1 run, short, and he whips this down towards long on.
no run, backs away to go over cover but the bowler does well to bowl this full and straight towards his toe, squeezed to the leg side.
no run, fuller, in the slot to drive and he does so crisply, but extra cover tumbles to his right to field.
FOUR runs, imperious. Short of a length, on-pace, angles outside off, and he steers it between point and short third man for four.
1 run, too full, dragged to wide long-on for one.
no run, hops back and across to keep out this full delivery. Tight first over from the bowler.
no run, length, and he goes back and creams it, but cannot beat cover. No possibliity of a run, as that was hit hard.
no run, googly outside off, watchfully defended on the front foot.
FOUR runs, slower ball, outside off, and he has picked this one. Forces it through covers, and brings up fifty.
no run, skids it in at leg stump from a good length. Can't get this off the pitch as he looks to flick.
no run, full and straight, pushed to cover.
no run, good length outside off, opens the face and runs it straight to backward point.
no run, down the track, but the bowler saw him and shortened his length. He is cramped for room and pushes it to midwicket.
1 run, on a length, on off, pushed to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, short around middle, that's easy for someone in the kind of form that the batsman is, swivels and pulls through midwicket.
FOUR runs, gives it some air, and pitches full outside off. But the batsman backs away towards the leg side, and crunches this drive past extra cover!.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, opens the face late to get a single to third man.
1 run, good length and just outside off, deep in the crease and glanced to deep midwicket.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, spits off the pitch as the batsman looks to defend on the back foot. Gets him on the glove and lobs safely into the leg side.
1 leg bye, good length at leg stump, looks to flick, cops in on the pad.
FOUR runs, offcutter, short and wide outside off. Cut to third man's right. Narine is the third man. That means no dive after the sprint to the right and the bowler gets two extra runs that may not have happened otherwise.
no run, full on leg stump, and tapped towards midwicket. Early call for no run.
no run, pushed a little straight, well fielded by Shkhar Dhawan at square leg, and the two batsmen are standing mid-pitch  time enough, though, for the batsman to get back. Bit of yes, no, maybe from the pair there.
no run, short of a length outside off, coming back in again. Looks to punch through cover, it comes off the inside half, to the bowler.
2 runs, just clears mid-off. A good length delivery outside off, the batsman chips a flat-batted swat over mid-off for a couple.
1 run, angled into the pads and steered to leg easily.
no run, slower through the air, punched to mid-off for one.
1 run, misses out. The fine leg had come up and the bowler slipped down leg, but the batsman can't place the glance either side of the man. They get a single off the misfield, though.
no run, another slower cutter outside off, sticks in the surface, Parthiv does not spot the change-up. He pulls early and under-edges it behind to slip.
1 run, punches this length ball to deep cover point.
no run, short of a length around off, shuffles across and blocks.
FOUR runs, man he is living life in the fast lane. Length ball, no pace to work with, mid-off in the circle, and yet he hits this hard and in the air. He has managed to place this one wide of the man, though.
1 run, flatter one on middle, punched to long on.
SIX runs, here comes the knuckleball, here comes another six! It was too full, that's what was wrong with it, the batsman spotted the speed variation and tonked it straight down the ground.
no run, short! This time it's aimed on middle stump, and the batsman backs away trying to cut it over slip. Pulls out of the shot eventually though.
(no ball), beaten. Slides away off the pitch as he looks to punch this through the covers. Good length ball and enough to beat him but hang on! The siren's gone. Which means the TV umpire's spotted Mohit overstep.
1 wide, bouncer fizzes above the head. Surprisingly, that's the first bouncer called for the over.
nan
1 run, full and wide, nearly a yorker, driven to deep cover.
5 wide, fired down leg, the batsman shapes to sweep but misses. de Kock may have been blinded by the drift. Useful runs.
no run, full on leg stump, and he can't nudge it square. Ball hits his front leg, but impact is outside leg stump.
OUT, full toss outside off, and that's been struck straight to Raina at cover! the bowler's going to feel very lucky. the batsman did hit it well, but Raina's a beast in the field. Time out as Hooda makes his way out.
1 run, length again, on the pads this time, the batsman misses out and can flick it only towards short fine leg.
FOUR runs, short outside off, wayward bowling and the batsman pounces on it again, slashes it away over extra cover for another four.
1 run, flat outside off, a punch to long-off from the back foot.
1 run, good length outside off, steps out and chopped to sweeper's left.
1 run, yorker, outside off, third man is fine enough to keep this cue-end in check.
2 leg byes, walks at the bowler, who fires this in straight and quick, but they get two leg-byes as this is sliding down leg.
no run, backing away again, swishes and misses again. Back of a length passes between bat and body.
2 runs, looks for the ramp over short fine this time as the bowler pitches it up. Off the inside half of the bat it goes, past short fine.
no run, tossed up on off, he presses forward and defends.
no run, short, quick, beats the batsman's attempt to cut.
1 run, the knuckle ball, comes hooping back in, the batsman waits for it and pushes it towards cover-point for a quick single.
no run, length outside off, punched to cover.
1 run, full and arrowed in on middle, pushed up to mid-on.
no run, lovely shape away to beat the edge. Bounce, pace and carry. He's regularly bowling around the 140 mark.
no run, googly, good length on off stump. Defended off the back foot.
FOUR runs, length on middle, Dhawan uses the depth of the crease and pulls it in front of square, along the ground for another four.
no run, good length at middle stump, defended to extra cover.
no run, length drifting down the leg side, the batsman only manages a glove to it on the way to the keeper. Missed out there.
FOUR runs, length ball, quick outside off, and he uses the pace to cut behind square. Thumped to the backward-point boundary.
2 runs, wider, flatter, and he drives this towards extra cover. The man at the fence has some ground to cover, and they can come back for the second.
1 run, length on off stump, punched firmly back at the bowler, who parries it to mid-off's left.
no run, short now, gets up to chest height on off stump. Hops to ride the bounce and defends with soft hands.
FOUR runs, back of a length, the batsman goes deep into the crease, and rubs salt into the wounds by pulling this for four through deep midwicket.
1 run, too full, outside off, stroked to deep cover. They settle for the single.
1 run, short of a length, looked like a googly out of the hand. But once again, just skidding straight on. Backs away to punch to sweeper cover, gets it off the inside half to cover's left.
no run, the batsman steps out, 101ks, jabbed back to the bowler.
no run, tossed up, dipping on him outside off, he mis-times the drive back to the bowler.
no run, yorker length at middle stump, jammed to mid-on's left.
OUT, full, fast and bye bye the batsman Make that four wickets in the Powerplay for the bowler. This is an inch-perfect yorker at 144 kph. the batsman's bat is coming down an eon after the ball's got there and his stumps lie shattered. the bowler is pumped - and what a sight that is.
FOUR runs, overpitched on middle now, the batsman stays leg-side of the ball and crunches a drive to the left of long-off. Skips away to the boundary.
2 runs, full, shaping in, just a push past mid-on for a couple.
no run, full outside off, 140.5kph, drives firmly to extra cover.
1 run, short of a length, angling in, worked to deep square leg for one.
1 run, length ball outside off, opens the face and drops to point.
no run, short and wide outside off, cut straight to extra cover.
FOUR runs, length outside off, it was a quick delivery with a hint of width and the batsman waited for it nicely, just opened the face of the bat to guide it past point and it rocketed to the fence.
2 runs, diving save at extra cover by Morgan, but the deflection to long-off allows them time to come back for two. Not the perfect yorker, but wide enough to deny the batsman a free swing.
FOUR runs, length ball down leg side, gets low and uses the pace and angle to ramp this to the fine boundary.
no run, length, and he presses forward and defends this.
FOUR runs, shot. That's very full, and not far from off stump, and he's gone really deep in the crease with his back foot to be able to create room for elevation, and he's lifted it over the fielder at cover point.
FOUR runs, fine leg is in, a short ball again and this time the batsman uses placement instead of power to pull it wide and square of short fine leg.
2 runs, wide legbreak, drilled to the left of deep cover for two.
1 run, short outside off, opens the face to third man.
no run, on a length, angling in, clipped away straight to midwicket.
no run, shorter length, he's back and punching to cover.
1 run, full at middle stump, shuffles and drives to long-on.
FOUR runs, slower ball, wide outside off, driven over the top for a four to extra cover.
SIX runs, plants his front foot across and he sweeps that behind square for a six once again, the bowler doens't matter to this man.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, muscled away to deep midwicket.
no run, he's back and trying to force this to long on but can't beat the bowler.
no run, a review for catch behind fueled entirely by the bowler's enthusiasm. It's a yorker past the tramline. the batsman looks to chop at that. He's definitely hit the ground as he attempts it. The bat face is open and there is a shadow on the bat as the ball goes past it, says the umpire. Sharp observation, that. And then he uses the angle from behind the keeper to confirm that there is gap between bat and all.
2 runs, works this full delivery into the gap at deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, slapped over extra cover. Good length and pushed wide outside off. Front leg in the leg side, arms reaching way outside off and lifted on the rise.
no run, short of a length outside off, punched straight to point off the back foot.
1 run, pulled away off a thickish inside edge to deep square.
SIX runs, short, hip-high ball angling into off stump. May have cramped another batsman for room, but the batsman swings his left leg out of the way and in the process generates plenty of power through his hips, which he complements with the power of his bottom hand to swat it down the ground, to the left of mid-on.
no run, full on off stump, almost in the blockhole. Dhawan looks to jab it down the ground towards long-off but the bowler moves quickly and cuts it off.
1 run, makes room, hits hard, but can't get under a full ball. Just the single.
no run, length-ball quick legbreak, defended off the back foot.
1 run, on a length, straight, worked away to long leg.
1 run, length around off, bowled wide off the crease, the batsman goes back and tucks it behind square.
no run, good length on off and spinning away. Parthiv wanted to slash it away but under-edges it back to the bowler.
1 leg bye, slower bouncer - and it's very well executed too. the batsman spots the length early but not the change in pace. He's into the pull shot and though he tries to adjust his bat swing, he misses the ball and it goes off his body towards point.
no run, pounded with massive intent, front foot cleared to the leg side, but Cutting gathers in the long barrier at mid-off.
no run, full outside off, driven straight to cover.
FOUR runs, the bowler looks for a repeat but gets just little bit wrong. That's all the batsman needs as he hammers it past the stumps at the other end, gets to his fifty with the four, off 37 balls.
OUT, holes out to long-off! Another page in the the bowler story. Goes over the wicket now, fuller and flatter. Possibly seam up. the batsman miscues the attempted loft-drive into the off side. It's off the low part of the bat.
no run, loopy yorker, slower ball at middle. Looks to drive and gets it off the toe-end.
1 wide, short and down leg side, left alone.
OUT, tries to reverse this length ball, but misses. The ball angles in from wide of the crease to hit him on the back leg. Looks like he's hit in line. Ball tracker confirms this would've smashed into off stump. The on-field decision was not out, so the decision has now been overturned.  SRH bowled out.
FOUR runs, the batsman says I won't let the bowler bowl without some tax. This is full, on the pads, and he goes inside-out. In the air, but well between mid-off and extra cover. Not the best timing but going to the short boundary.
FOUR runs, short ball for the batsman, he makes plenty of room and pulls that just wide of mid on and in the gap for four.
1 run, nicely done. Floaty slower ball lands in the blockhole. Can't get the drive away. Trickles out to long-off.
no run, on the pads, he wants to work it away but gets an inside edge on the pads.
FOUR runs, nailed! 18 off 7 now is the batsman. This one is full outside off, he clears his front leg and nails a lofted drive over cover. This is glorious, free stroke-making.
no run, and now the quick bouncer at 143ks. Beats him hands down for pace as he hooks.
2 runs, low full toss outside off, swept along the floor to deep midwicket's left and the throw isn't anywhere near accurate enough.
no run, just keeps it out. Length ball speared in at off stump. No forward press as he defends this.
SIX runs, short, outside off, the batsman gets on top of the bounce and hammers a pull over deep backward square leg.
1 run, full, middle and leg, driven to long-on for one.
SIX runs, this has been muscled over cow corner. He's well and truly back. This is some assault. Rashid drifted this in full from wide of the crease, the batsman got right to the pitch on the sweep as he made clean connection!.
1 run, full toss on the pads, clipped away nicely to deep squareleg for one.
2 runs, low full toss, again no attempt to hit a boundary. Places this into the leg side for a couple.
no run, full on the pads, the batsman drives it nicely with the wrists but straight to short midwicket.
1 run, good length at off stump, deep in the crease to nudge to midwicket's right.
1 run, on a length, straight, pushed down to long-on for one.
1 run, length on the pads, clipped to short fine-leg's right but the fielder dives and keeps it down to one.
1 run, heading into the pads, picked off to deep midwicket off the front foot.
1 run, length on off stump, pushed into the off side on the front foot.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, pushed to point.
no run, beaten. Full and pushed across him, driving with the angle but the bat is inside the line this time.
1 run, again off the inside half, whipped to deep midwicket for one.
no run, full outside off, driven aerially towards mid-off.
no run, keeps it wicket to wicket and the batsman, without any room, can only block.
OUT, backs away to hoick, top-edges the slog and point takes a dolly. Imran the bowler is off again. This is very poor application from Kishan. Looked edgy all evening and has succumbed to the man who has dismissed him four times in four matches earlier to this.
1 run, the bowler responds with a near yorker. dug out towards long-on for one.
2 runs, yorker, straight, hit into a hole on the leg side for a couple.
no run, dances down the track once again but the bowler shortens his length and bowls it wide outside off, the batsman does well to chop it back towards the bowler.
1 run, Sarfaraz Khan caught napping at short cover as the batsman taps and runs.
2 runs, nicely flicked by de Villiers, behind square on the leg side, and Gayle is the fielder at short fine so they're easily back for a second.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and he drives away from his body to extra cover.
1 run, middle-stump yorker, squeezed through midwicket.
1 run, yorker at middle stump, driven to long-on.
1 run, short, stays low as the batsman pulls. Gets a single to long leg.
FOUR runs, top edged over the keeper! But KKR won't mind. The home boys win, and stay alive in IPL 2018! Rajasthan Royals are eliminated.
1 run, full outside off, throws his hands at it and gets an inside edge past his boot.
SIX runs, not the best timing but he has enough power to make up for it. A wide fuller one, smoked over long-off. CSK feeling the heat now.
1 run, wide on the crease, length ball, hit hard but gets just the single to long-on.
1 wide, full and floats a slower ball down leg for a wide.
1 run, on-pace yorker, on off, dug out well.
1 wide, length ball, looking to maybe swing it away from middle and leg or thereabouts, ends up sliding it a fair way down the leg side.
no run, 142 kph. A LEAVE! I saw that earlier today at Lord's, didn't think I would tonight. Back of a length outside off, Dhawan lets that go.
2 runs, dropped. Khaleel starts with length. the batsman lofts this to long-off where Pandey spills it.
1 run, slow on the pads at 113kmh, he helps it to short fine leg.
FOUR runs, swept well, beats short fine! the bowler fired this on middle and leg, picked beautifully by Rohit.
1 run, eased with the spin to long off.
1 run, good length and turning into off stump. Shuffles and clips to deep square.
no run, starts short. A touch down leg side. 50-50 wide ball. The umpire says it's okay after Dhawan lets it go.
1 run, the second less-than-100% hit to deep midwicket this over. Again first bounce to the fielder. This is pulled away.
1 leg bye, swinging back in again, beats the bat this time, but the ball is headed down leg. Gets a leg-bye.
1 run, low full toss just outside off, drilled down to long-on.
no run, bouncer, on-pace, 130ks, well outside off, and he ducks it.
1 run, good length on leg stump, and the batsman does well to open his bat's face. Runs it down to third man once again. That's all the batsman is playing tonight.
FOUR runs, the batsman welcomes him back with a boundary. the batsman jumps across off even before the bowler delivers this short offcutter. Hauls a pull away over midwicket for four. Boom.
FOUR runs, through mid-off. Makes room this time and pummels this short of a length ball past the non-striker. Thampi is very late on his slide to the right and despite making his ground, allows this to pass.
1 run, flicked down the ground to long-on.
1 run, glanced off the hips to the right of Harbhajan at short fine leg. Dhoni applauds the old man's effort.
3 wide, poor ball, pushed well down the leg side, MS can't gather it and it scoots away towards fine leg.
1 run, a googly, short and outside off, the batsman pulls it towards long-on, only a single once again.
no run, reaches out to drive, mistimes this to extra cover.
1 run, back of a length outside off, cuts it nicely to deep point, but the Powerplay is over, so there's protection there.
1 run, inside edge past the stumps. Slower short ball, wide outside off. Completely miscues the pull.
1 run, wide length ball, soft hands, gets a single to point.
no run, flatter now, slanted across to off stump, makes room to cut but can't beat backward point.
no run, drift, dip and turn, the batsman eases with the spin to cover.
1 run, back of length outside off, the batsman runs it to third man again.
2 runs, slightly short, pulled from outside off to between long-on and deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, uppish and into the third man boundary. Short and in the corridor. Gets up to cut and gets it off the thick outside edge.
no run, yorker at off stump and he nearly gets trapped with a front foot plant across. Manages to tap it into the off side.
1 run, punches the back of a length delivery to the right of mid-off.
no run, on a length, no turn, defended back to the bowler.
1 run, fuller, at off stump, tapped into the off side.
1 run, googly at a length outside off, pushed to short third man with an open face.
1 run, full and angling across off, speared down to long-off.
FOUR runs, full-toss outside off, the batsman eases in to it and drives to the right of Pandey for four.
FOUR runs, that is a reply. Gets stuck into this short-of-a-length delivery. Bowled on-pace, and he goes back to pull this through deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, this is magnificent! This time, the same length ball on off but goes over midwicket. Walked across the stumps and allowed those wrists to take over as he whipped this away.
2 runs, googly, short and in at middle. Expertly tucked to deep midwicket's left off the back foot.
no run, on-pace short ball, the batsman looks for the midwicket pull, is beaten outside off.
no run, length on off, stands tall and punches into the covers with bat and pad close together. An aesthetically pleasing shot, but quite useless in the situation.
no run, full, outside off, driven hard, but can't find the gap at cover.
1 run, length ball on the pads, tucked away towards square leg for a single.
FOUR runs, sharp bouncer, 145ks, but a touch too far down leg. the batsman uses the pace and swivels to pull this fine of short fine leg.
no run, short of a length just outside off, drops it behind point with soft hands.
FOUR runs, short of good length, jumps inside the crease to get on top of it and uses the angle to tuck it through midwicket. Good timing on that one.
1 run, back of length offcutter and the batsman scythes it to deep point where Lewis does well to keep it to one.
FOUR runs, the batsman connects well on this one. Follows his strategy of giving himself room and this one is a bit fuller, so he's able to punch it powerfully through cover.
4 byes, oops! A lovely slower ball, defeats the batsman's attempt to angle it away, reaches de Kock on the second bounce and he can't take it. Bonus runs.
no run, late cut, but straight to Sarfaraz at short third man.
2 runs, short of a length, into the body, punched forward of deep backward square leg for two.
FOUR runs, hoicked away again, the midwicket boundary has been peppered again. Take that, he says. the batsman has come out looking to play a different game.
no run, on a length, middle and leg, pushed to short midwicket.
no run, short outside off, cut straight to cover.
FOUR runs, length on middle, and chipped just over mid-on for four. Parthiv would have had his heart in his mouth there as the ball held in the surface, which meant that he was early into the drive and the ball just ballooned towards mid-on but just managed to clear the man as he had taken a start from the circle.
SIX runs, this is ridiculous. Ramp to a length ball wide outside off, and he has had to use a flick of the wrist because it is wide and slightly short of the perfect length for the ramp. He manages to send it over fine leg for six.
2 runs, a slower ball outside off, worked in the gap for two, at midwicket.
no run, hurled short on middle, gets big on Suryakumar as he hooks and misses.
no run, mistimes a length ball back to the bowler. Was looking to hit on the up through cover.
1 run, low full toss outside off, driven to extra cover off the toe-end.
1 wide, full and very wide outside off, can't reach that.
1 run, short of a length outside off, steered into the off side with an open face.
1 wide, short and wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, again he shuffles out of his crease and across to the off side. Full one, angling into off stump, clipped through backward square leg.
FOUR runs, just over mid-off. Full outside off, the batsman nails the drive with so much power and enough timing that even Pollard can't get there with a well-timed leap. He may have done some damage too.
2 runs, superb fielding from Rinku. A short delivery around middle and leg, pulled away with bad timing towards long-on, who runs to his right and saves two.
OUT, huge lbw appeal is turned down. Pollard reviews it. This looks very good on first viewing. A full inswinger pinning him in front of leg stump as his head falls over into the off side and he misses on the flick. Ultra Edge confirms there's no bat on it and tracking shows it's pitched in line and is hitting leg stump. the batsman off without scoring, and through the perfect set up from one of the game's best bowlers. Three away, one in, and that is a duck on return.
no run, closes the face early and gets a bit of a leading edge back down the pitch.
no run, back of a length on leg stump. Tapped off the back foot to midwicket and Russell collects.
1 run, back of a length on off, pulled to long-on for a run. Hurried for pace.
SIX runs, get that ball a visa because it's travelling out of here too short and Hardik just stands in his crease, transfers weight back and wallops it waaaaay into the square leg stands.
no run, the batsman too has struggled against the bouncer already this IPL. A bouncer outside off, the batsman avoids that watchfully.
no run, attempted yorker, misdirected down the leg side, the batsman misses the flick but it takes the pad on the way to the keeper.
1 run, good length, slower ball at leg stump. Clipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, offbreak, slightly round-arm, pushed to long-on for one.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, steps out and hurriedly swats it out to deep backward square.
1 run, lofted straight down the ground, a googly on off stump, lands comfortably short of long-off.
no run, good length outside off, and the batsman's in position early to cut. Slaps it well, but excellent stop from Rana at point.
1 run, low full toss, driven hard to deep cover for one.
1 run, a shorter delivery which comes very slowly off the surface, turned into the leg side.
FOUR runs, oh my word, that's some shot. Doesn't care that it's Rashid, doesn't care that his googly and leggie is difficult to read. Spots that this is the leggie in fact and it's a touch fuller, smacks it over extra cover with a full-blooded swing.
1 run, tries the yorker, almost in the slot, and the batsman swings it to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, charges to a length ball and slaps this back over the bowler's head! Superb adjustment on the move to crack it down the ground.
no run, angles it wide across the batsman, but what saved it from being a wide was it pitched inside the tramline.
FOUR runs, full, middle and leg, and he clears the front leg to bludgeon this through mid-on for four.
OUT, has that been dropped? Ok, wait, is that a runout? Yes, it is. Lots of things happened there. the batsman got a glove as he tried to pull this short ball and Pant drops it after diving to his left. Rayudu, in the meantime, has crossed over to the other end enthusiastically looking for a single only to find that the batsman hasn't so much as moved a toe. All he can do then is sprint back to his end but then the bowler nails a direct hit.
1 run, hip-high short ball outside off, swatted across the line to wide long-on.
1 wide, strays down leg for the third wide of the over. Sloppy.
SIX runs, short part of the field, and Sharma has picked his spot well. Shouts of catch it as he pulls one that is not short enough, but he has got enough on it to clear deep midwicket.
nan
1 run, length ball, on the pads, and he whips it towards deep backward square leg.
no run, length, and turns away past the outside edge, as the batsman presses forward to defend.
no run, good length on middle stump, defended to mid-on.
1 run, short, and he whips this off his pads with a little shuffle across the stumps, getting it down to deep backward square leg.
1 run, back of a length on leg, and flicked to midwicket for a quick single.
1 run, length ball, angling in towards off stump, straightens slightly. Pushed down to long-off.
nan
no run, and again. Fuller this time, and the batsman drives but Raina tumbles to his left again to stop it.
no run, full, just outside off, and he takes a big step forward to drive. Mistimed to cover.
1 run, fast, length ball outside off, and he guides this towards third man.
1 run, a slower ball outside off, driven to long-on for a run.
no run, full toss outside off, but Hardik can't connect. The bat's gone flying too! Goes to the keeper on the bounce, who has a shy at the stumps. Misses! Hardik would've been gone.
OUT, for all the pyrotechnics of RCB batting, that is spectacular from Dhawan! Stalls this innings, quietens the crowd with a typical T20 play. Events such as this change games. And all it needs to be is a catch. A flat delivery on middle and leg, the batsman stays low and sweeps towards deep square leg It seems like it's lobbing over Dhawan, but he stays calm, takes the catch and ensures his balance doesn't take him over by keeping a strong centre of gravity. Awesome catch. Not as good as Boult's, but very close.
no run, googly, spinning away outside off and gets the inside half as he looks to punch through cover.
1 run, flighted legbreak, pushed straight of extra cover for one.
SIX runs, down the track, and that's beautiful timing. Quick feet to get himself close to the pitch of this middle-stump ball but not close enough to deny himself elevation. Swings cleanly through the line and easily clears the long-on boundary.
no run, chopped to backward point. Another slider, coming into the corridor. He was hurried on that.
1 run, waits on the back of a length delivery quite nicely and nudges it off his hips towards mid-on.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, the batsman dabs it to third man.
1 run, full at middle stump, driven aerially past the bowler, down to long-on.
3 runs, short and angled across, slower ball, the batsman tries to drag it to the on side, doesn't get all of it but clears mid-on, and it travels far enough for three.
no run, good length outside off, but the batsman comes dancing down the wicket. Tries to slog it down the ground but can't connect with the ball. Through to DK.
no run, length ball on off, and he walks down the wicket before driving to mid-off.
1 wide, full, pushed away down the leg side, so the contest starts with a wide low carry to the keeper.
FOUR runs, hip-high short ball outside off, Dhawn lines it up and smokes it in front of square on the leg side.
no run, length around off, coming in with the angle, the batsman was a tad early into the shot, ends up pushing it back towards the bowler.
no run, full on middle, but the batsman shuffles across the stumps to flick. Played to short fine leg, and the batsman wants the single. Dhoni says no, so the batsman needs to come back. Dhawal Kulkarni throws the ball at the batsman's stumps, with the batsman not even attempting to come back, but he misses the direct hit. the batsman survives! So close.
no run, quick, straight, on a length, pushed back to him.
2 runs, Dhawan charges at him, Arshdeep bowls this short, and away from his reach. The toe-end cut goes past point for two. Back-to-back hundreds in the IPL. First time ever. He raises his arms in celebration.
1 run, full and into middle stump, driven to long-on.
no run, tucks this with the spin to short fine leg.
1 wide, very far down leg first ball, but he'll be encouraged by the movement though it's a wide.
OUT, and the bowler is on a hat-trick. Another stumping for Samson. the batsman skips out first ball, the bowler bowls wide outside off to beat him easily. the bowler is elated. Celebrates with fingers in his ear. Not sure if he had been given some lip when he was batting.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off, and cut square to deep point.
1 run, full on leg stump, mistimed slog to deep square.
1 run, strays down leg, and worked to short fine off the front foot.
FOUR runs, perfectly placed hits the slog sweep square, and fine leg and deep midwicket converge, but the ball beats them to the fence.
1 run, Has Dhoni dropped this? the batsman shuffled across off even before the bowler delivered. He does not get enough bat on the scoop to fine leg. He tickles it away. Dhoni dives to his left and goes for the ball with one hand but it pops out. Replays suggest it carried to him. That's dropped.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, on the pads, worked to leg.
OUT, and too easy for the bowler. Nice drift, dip, and then some turn. the batsman looks to work to leg, and the leading edge is swallowed at short cover.
no run, narrowly saved from being bowled by the inside edge. Looks to drive on the up with a massive bat-pad gap against this inswinger.
no run, tries to beat point to his left, but the substitute Klaasen isn't so easily beaten and Umesh gets a way with a short and wide one.
(no ball) 1 run, no-ball! Low full toss outside off and a mistimed drive to long-off. Everything went to plan there but his landing.
no run, floated around off, the batsman comes forward and defends.
1 run, shortish, a little width, hangs back and runs it down to third man.
1 run, slower one at 126 this time, length outside off, waits for it before tapping it towards covers for a single.
2 runs, sliced over cover, down to Jadhav in the deep on the bounce, excellent running.
1 run, googly, short and into leg stump. Pulled to deep square.
1 run, full outside off, steps out and jams it down to long-off.
no run, full on middle, the batsman skips down and pushes it back to the bowler.
SIX runs, there's the biggie. Much-needed six from the batsman. He's struggling with a sore back and it's slowed him down. But the power's still there as he slogs this over deep square leg.
1 run, length, angled across, the batsman opens the face to point.
FOUR runs, crunched through the covers! Raw power on display here. Pitched up on off, and the batsman swings his bat with all the force of this world. Smacked to the wide long-off boundary.
1 run, dropped. the bowler can't react quickly to his left in the follow-through. It's an offcutter, good length at middle stump. the batsman punches through the line too soon. That wasn't difficult by any means, a half-chance at worst, but decent height. Was caught off guard.
1 run, on a length, quick, soft hands, pushed towards long-on. Can't get back for the second.
1 wide, good length slower ball wide outside off, neaten on the attempted reverse sweep.
1 run, goes short, this time the batsman goes back and helps it over point, good work by Jadeja.
1 run, short of a length and in at middle stump, gets on the back foot and punches to deep midwicket.
no run, short on off, and angling away from the batsman. Tries to cut it square, but off the bat's toe end. Trickles away to cover point.
1 run, full ball, outside off, and he squeezes this away towards point.
1 run, back of a length and faster on off, 106.7ks, chopped to cover.
1 run, on a length, straight, pushed to long-on for one.
1 run, good length and in at middle stump, allows it on and pushes into the leg side to bring up another fifty this season.
no run, full, just outside off, and he goes for the drive. Misses, as the ball goes under his bat and into Dhoni's gloves.
no run, short of a length and at off stump. Backs away and chops to point.
no run, short at leg stump, flicked to midwicket.
SIX runs, and just as I said it, he bowls in the slot. And he doesn't turn the legbreak either. So the batsman lines him up and lofts him back over his head for his 100th IPL six.
no run, walks across his stumps and is a sitting duck when the good length ball skids into him. the batsman ends up forcing himself to block.
1 run, flatter and quicker, fired in on leg stump, he pushes it into the offside again and gets a quick single.
no run, flatter, length outside off, goes back and punches it towards extra cover, a tumbling stop.
1 run, wrong'un, goes back to push this down to long-on for one.
no run, good length and coming into him as he shuffles and defends down the pitch.
1 run, shorter of being a yorker, and the batsman winds up, but doesn't get all of it. Just the single to long-off.
no run, short from wide of the crease, the batsman's weight is on the front foot, the ball gets big on him, gloves it in the air but wide of the stumps.
1 run, floats it up a little on leg, clipped off the pads to deep backward square leg.
1 run, the batsman backs away, and the bowler follows. Knee-high full toss on the batsman's body, and he mistimes a slog towards the leg side.
FOUR runs, gets it to the extra cover boundary. Googly at a length, wide outside off. Stretches his hands and drives on the up. Not fully in control, but a couple of bounces and that's four.
no run, goes for the fifth. Slower length ball wide outside off, and he goes across the lines. Beaten.
1 run, floated up wide of off stump, the batsman brings his bottom hand into a heave down the ground, down to long-on.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, clipped to long-on.
2 runs, wide on the crease, short slower ball, mis-hit into the leg side, the batsman calls for two immediately and makes it. Karthik is not happy with the effort in the deep.
1 run, dabs this gently to short third man.
no run, lovely. Quick legbreak just outside off, with just enough air on it to draw the batsman forward. Looks to defend but it dips and turns and zips past his outside edge.
no run, through with the pull early, beaten by the slower delivery.
1 run, nearly picks out the deep fielder. KKR will be questioning if Tripathi shouldn't have attacked this. the batsman pulls hard and flat, straight towards Tripathi at deep square, who doesn't step in and watches it land on a half-volley. I count it as a misjudgement and a drop.
no run, full and wide just outside off. Tries to drive with the bat's open face, but only manages to tap it towards cover.
1 run, turns this off his hip to midwicket.
1 run, down the track, gets some drift on this so it ends up on the pads and he tucks it to deep midwicket.
no run, length on the pads, another slower ball to the batsman who is keen come at the bowler, tries to turn it around towards squareleg but can't connect and is struck on the thigh pad.
no run, length ball on middle, and angling into his body. Cramped for space, so fended towards the leg side.
1 run, full and just outside off, looks to drive through cover and gets an inside edge onto pad.
1 run, short of a length at 132.9ks on middle stump, pulled away to backward square leg.
no run, around the wicket, and on a good length. Pushed towards cover.
1 run, short of a length, wicket to wicket, pushed wide of mid-on for one.
SIX runs, fuller ball, and he goes down on one knee, and eases this several rows behind long on. What a way to get off the mark!.
1 run, again that heavy ball. Short of a length, into the armpit, and the batsman fends at it with eyes off the ball. Gets a single to long leg.
no run, drifts the offbreak into the pads, the batsman turns it to square leg.
1 run, full slower ball, wide outside off. Mistimed drive to long-off.
no run, a short delivery outside off, the slower bouncer. Goes past the batsman's pull.
no run, good length and just outside off, stays leg side of that and pokes to extra cover.
1 run, length, outside off, and he goes back and cuts this towards deep extra cover.
1 run, floated up outside off, Parthiv sweeps to short fine leg for one.
FOUR runs, good length outside off, and the ball spins away from the batsman again. He tries to hit it over cover, but the batsman manages to slice this over point! Kaul chases after it, but the ball picks up pace after hitting the practice pitches. Can't pull it back.
SIX runs, down the track again and he just clears deep midwicket! Again wonderful footwork and he brings up fifty! Great innings from the batsman.
no run, 150.8kph, short and wide outside off. the batsman backs into the leg side to make room. He's made too much room. Beaten on the cut.
1 run, full on off, but the batsman comes dancing down the wicket. Pushes to wide long on to see the bowler's spell off.
FOUR runs, swiped to deep midwicket's left. the bowler finishes poorly. A slower short ball spinning into Dube at hip height. Another easy swing across the line for him.
no run, length, turn again, and the batsman is beaten with the turn and bounce on offer.
2 runs, full on leg, flicked away wide of long-on for a couple. Maxwell can't prevent two.
FOUR runs, slower short ball outside off, the batsman goes deep in the crease and pummels a pull between deep midwicket and wide long-on. Muscled away by the batsman.
no run, much fuller and outside off, squeezed to the covers.
no run, legcutter, on a length, punched to cover-point.
1 run, slower ball at the pads, clipped away through midwicket.
no run, full on middle stump, pushed to mid-on off the front foot.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, pushed wide of extra cover for one.
no run, full inswinger at leg stump, looks to flick and gets an inside edge onto front pad.
no run, pushed into the covers.
1 run, backs away and punches down to long-off.
no run, good comeback with a slower ball, length outside off. the batsman wants to go hard again but too early and doesn't connect.
no run, good length at the stumps, hurriedly pushed into the covers.
OUT, oh the batsman tries the impossible shot. Rashid has slowed this down and bowled full on middle and leg. He wants to go behind square with the sweep, but he doesn't have pace to work with. Ends up sweeping this to deep square leg.
1 run, yorker, just outside leg, dug out for one, but the fielding from the bowler is sensational. He gets to the ball quick, and flicks an underarm throw acrobatically.
FOUR runs, poor start from Mavi. Point is in. He goes short and he goes wide. A slower ball that is. But enough time to adjust and scythe this over point. Sweeper can't get that to his left.
SIX runs, smoked! This is floated full and across, the batsman walks across and whips this over midwicket. Strong bottomhands, sailed over. Super hit, mind you it's a 73-metre square boundary. No problem, I'll hit it over and beyond.
no run, length just outside off, backs away and looks to punch through cover. Mistimed.
SIX runs, just clears AB at deep square. Slower ball, good length at leg stump. Waits on it and rolls the wrists. This time it goes square like he wants it to. AB leaps backwards, one-handed after running to his right. Gets a hand on it too, but it was already beyond him.
FOUR runs, the batsman moves outside leg and slaps a slower ball to the right of deep point. Shortish and outside off, flayed away.
no run, good length on off, and fended towards the off side.
1 run, stays short of a length, into the body, worked into the leg side for one.
1 wide, slower ball, short and very wide. Left alone.
FOUR runs, short of a length, wide, and he smashes this with an open face. In front of point it goes for four.
OUT, one switch hit too many and is gone. This is not the most intelligent piece of cricket from the batsman. the bowler outfoxes him by getting to drift in, spin away just a wee bit to hit him on the box as he swung through. As plumb as decisions can get.
1 run, length on middle, tucked away towards squareleg for one.
2 runs, driven into the gap at deep point.
FOUR runs, back of a length and on a fourth-stump line, the batsman chops his bat down and gets it away fine of short third man for a much-needed boundary.
1 run, good length and into leg stump, flicked to short fine's left.
1 run, tapped into space at cover point, another single the result.
no run, awesome bowling. He has a clear plan (the easy part) and then he executes to the batsman with deadly accuracy (soooo hard).
no run, full and accurate on middle, defended back. Dots at the slog worth gold.
SIX runs, over mid-off again! Good batting, not the best last ball. Length outside off. He gets on his back knee and handsomely lofts this over that fielder and flat, over the long-off boundary.
SIX runs, another slower short ball looking to tuck him up, but in the process he goes too far down leg, and the batsman gets inside the line and helps it along for a small six over long leg.
no run, he sends it about a yard down the pitch. It's a length ball, just outside off, there for the slog. Slog he does, but it's not his man skill. Off the under-edge and into the pitch.
FOUR runs, hammered! Back of a length, outside off, and he skips down the wicket. Flat-bats it over the umpire's head, and long on has no chance.
no run, appeal for a catch at the wicket but it has come off the pad.
no run, flighted, full on the stumps, driven back to the bowler, who tumbles to his left and fields.
no run, grip off the surface! Takes the outside edge of the batsman's bat as he looks to defend. The ball flies away towards point.
SIX runs, what a shot! All wrists. Full and straight, Suryakumar brings out the wrists, stays besides the ball and flicks, the ball then flies away over backward square leg. Lovely batting.
no run, Mohit hits a hard length - neither driveable nor pullable - on off, cramps the batsman for room. Fended off to the leg side.
1 run, a slower delivery outside off, carved away towards Gopal at short third man. He gets around to his right and prevents the ball from going through.
1 run, short at middle stump, shuffles and tucks this through vacant square leg.
no run, lovely line, in the channel outside off and the batsman is beaten on the outside edge, trying to punch the ball.
1 run, lovely yorker again. Just not giving him anything. Wide outside off, chopped to deep point.
1 run, slow, short, outside off, dragged to wide long-on.
1 run, length ball on middle, and worked off his pads down the ground to long on.
1 run, skips down the track, gets to the pitch of the ball and strokes it past extra cover.
1 run, steps out and works this with the spin to midwicket.
1 run, full toss on leg stump, flicked straight to deep midwicket.
1 run, length ball on middle, and nudged off his pads to fine leg for a single.
1 run, tossed up, he reaches out and drives to long off.
SIX runs, length ball, and he smashes this straight back over the bowler's head! Gets the height and just about the right distance.
FOUR runs, pre-meditated reverse sweep for four to square third man. Unbelievable shot, and nailed it to perfection.
no run, short and rising outside off, looks for the upper cut but is beaten as that is rapidly past him.
FOUR runs, it's the shot he plays when he feels at the top of his game. Remember him sweeping Steyn or Rabada or Holder? He tries it again, it's a slow delivery, he waits and pull-sweeps over short fine leg. the batsman at his best.
no run, shorter, climbing through as the batsman makes room and flays unsuccessfully, trying to hit inside out.
no run, on a length, around off, holds its line, pushed to cover.
1 run, full on leg stump, thumped down to long-on.
1 leg bye, length down the leg side, the batsman looks to help it along but fails to make connection, it takes the pad on the way to the diving keeper, who fumbles and allows a leg bye.
no run, back of a length, non-turner on leg stump, cramps the batsman for room and strikes the pad.
no run, short of a length, outside off, punched to point.
no run, short of a length, slower ball, 120ks, around off, draws an inside edge onto the pad.
1 run, short outside off, almost never arrived, the batsman chops it away towards point for one.
to Buttler, FOUR runs, short of a length, into the body, and even though Buttler is down the wicket, he plays the short-arm pull and beats deep square leg. Quick outfield does the rest.
no run, slow through the air, just outside off, defended back to him.
1 run, taps the back of length ball outside off nicely and steals a single to keep strike.
FOUR runs, smart batting. Down on a knee early, gets across, and laps this from outside off, fine of fine leg, who is square.
1 run, short on middle and leg, pulled to deep midwicket.
1 run, down legside again, and the batsman tickles it very fine, but Bumrah is very fine too, and he fields.
1 run, the batsman backs away outside leg, the bowler takes pace off the ball, chopped to cover. the batsman collides with umpire Erasmus. Ouch! Rahane, meanwhile, misses a direct hit and hands the batsman a life.
FOUR runs, whipped nonchalantly to the midwicket boundary. Good length and skidding into his legs. Stays deep in the crease and this flies off the bat as he punches it to long-on's right.
FOUR runs, chest-high short ball on middle, Yusuf hooks it away past the left of fine leg for a one-bounce four.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, Nabi goes for the pull but doesn't middle it, only a single to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, past cover. Length ball pushed across him, reaches out and on the up, taps it to the cover boundary.
no run, another wrong un, Curran didn't really read it, came on the front foot and defends with soft hands.
1 run, short and turning away, pulled extremely hard to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, sweet little swipe over wide long-on. the bowler telegraphs this - offbreak at length on an off stump line. the batsman knows where it's going to land and he skips down to meet it there and then shovels it.
1 run, full and just outside off, drilled along the floor to sweeper cover.
no run, past the outside edge. Good length and angled away in the corridor as he looks to defend for the one that swings in.
2 runs, in the air and safely wide of extra cover. That looked like it was bowled with the wrist, although gripped with two fingers. Sort of like Mujeeb. Long-off cleans up.
no run, a full delivery outside off, an open-faced dab to backward point.
1 run, drifts in from wide of the crease, punched to mid-on.
no run, full on off stump, the batsman looks to go big down the ground - that's more like it - but he gets an inside edge to short fine leg.
1 run, good length and into middle stump, punched to mid-on with the angle.
no run, on a length, outside off, legbreak, he goes back to cut it, but straight to point.
1 run, uses the feet, pushed into the off side.
no run, length ball on middle and leg, clipped to square leg.
1 run, full on the pads, flicked straight to short fine.
1 run, dig it in short and pulled gently to fine leg.
1 run, googly, short of a good length outside off. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, good length outside off, opens the face and runs this to point's right.
1 run, again walks across even before the bowler takes his jump. It's a length ball around middle and leg, and the batsman flicks it away to the fine leg region.
1 run, full on off, the batsman punches a single off the front foot to mid-off.
FOUR runs, scoops it! See, it's like turning on a switch. It doesn't matter if he gets out now so he's prepared to take all the risks in the world. But even then, he picks the right bowler. the bowler bowls length and across the right-hander, the batsman plants his front leg across, then bends low and finally shovels the ball well over the short boundary behind him. Good stuff.
1 wide, another wide yorker but this time it is too wide.
1 run, another slower one, length ball around off, works it towards long-on.
no run, fuller ball, and he looks to drive down the ground, but gets it too straight to the bowler, who dives away to his right to stop this.
no run, full on off stump, driven firmly back down the pitch and at the bowler.
no run, back of a length and outside off, scooped to third man. Southee denies the single.
no run, short ball, loopy bounce, bounces over his cut.
FOUR runs, half-tracker, and he goes back and punches this down the ground to long on.
1 wide, OUT, brilliant work by Saha. Dhawan gave him the charge and the bowler spotted that and smartly bowled it down leg. Saha had to move well to his right to collect and then come back to whip the bails off, which he does before Dhawan can ground his bat. It'll be a wide, but the important thing is, they've broken the opening stand.
1 run, legcutter, on a length, just outside off, pushed down to long-off for one.
1 run, quick one, on a length outside off, he's late into the pull and it goes off the end of the bat towards long-on.
1 run, good length at middle, punched to long-on.
no run, shortish, rises stomach-high over middle stump. Cramps him on the pull and the ball sneaks under his bat and hits him on the body.
2 runs, full on leg stump, flicked to long-on's right.
FOUR runs, cracked away. Just short of a length, but the batsman shows no respect. Clears the front leg, hits on the up, and clears wide mid-on easily.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to long-off. Breaks the maiden. What an over.
1 run, short of a length, wide, punched to deep cover for one.
1 run, length on middle, poked uppishly into the leg side.
2 runs, another shot not out of the screws but this he has just cleared mid-off. This length ball cramped him for room, but he went ahead with the aerial off-drive.
no run, short, and he pulls this away, but cannot beat a fielder at midwicket.
1 run, inside edge to short fine. Length outside off, throws his hands at this but can't connect well enough.
no run, googly, short and wide outside off, cut straight to backward point.
1 run, full outside off, backs into the leg side and drives along the floor to sweeper cover.
1 run, short, and rising outside off at just over 140km/h. De Villiers is slightly rushed into a pull, but rolls his wrists on the shot to control it and collect a single.
FOUR runs, the batsman has been looking to go past point for the last two balls but gets it right this time. Punches this away frmm the body but gets the timing and placement this time.
1 run, short at middle stump, pulled to deep square.
no run, full on leg stump, defends.
no run, slightly shorter, spinning away from middle and the batsman wants to slap it away, but can't go past cover.
SIX runs, walks across the stumps and uses his wrists to whip this full delivery over deep midwicket. Stunning. Countered the drift with his wrist work and bottom handed power.  Shades of MS Dhoni and his helicopter shot .
1 run, wrong'un again, on off, turning away, cut away past point for one. Dhawan wants two. Pant sends him back again.
1 run, short of a length on off stump, pushed to extra cover's left from the crease.
1 wide, strays waaaaay down leg. A wide to a right-hander.
1 run, short of a length in the corridor. More lift off the surface than he anticipates as he tries to stab it through the off side. Gets a thick inside edge to dribble through square leg.
no run, mistimes a drive to mid on.
no run, is this the edge? the bowler's excited, but the umpire shakes his head. There's no doubt about the quality of the delivery though, bursting off a length outside off at better than 140km/h, and beating Mayank's outside edge.
no run, now he gets it to cut in from a back of a length, and the batsman defends from the crease. Four dots. Pressure on already.
2 runs, leading edge just clears extra cover. Full and wide outside off, looks to slog. Head's looking leg side, the runs are on the off.
FOUR runs, done nicely. Length ball around off, not much width but the batsman waits for it and opens the face of the bat at the very last moment to run it down to third man.
no run, short at middle stump, subdued pull to short fine leg.
1 run, shuffles across to a length ball and flicks to deep backward square leg.
1 run, full toss on middle stump again, and this time it's been bunted towards the leg side. Only to square leg, though.
no run, low full toss on middle stump, driven straight to mid-on.
2 runs, short of length around off, swivels to pull it past short midwicket, the man in the deep cuts it off.
FOUR runs, slightly overpitched and outside off, the batsman gets underneath the length and drives it firmly between the bowler and mid-off inside the circle.
SIX runs, smashed into the night sky! the batsman trying to bring down a UFO  the bowler goes the distance from the final ball of the over, royally spannered into the croid at deep midwicket.
no run, short of a length on off stump, defended off the back foot.
1 run, length outside off, punched towards mid-off.
SIX runs, poor bowling. Tests him with a short ball but you can't do that when you bowl in the late 120s. the batsman arches back and helps it over to clear third man. Ah, this is so good to watch.
no run,  leading edge, but just short!  This bounced much more as the batsman was looking to nudge this to the leg side. Was in the air for a while, the bowler didn't dive though as he tried to catch that.
2 runs, fuller on the pads, pushes it towards the vacant midwicket region, the bowler puts in the chase himself but cannot prevent the second run.
no run, dropped at point by Murali Vijay! Just came on, and the batsman slices a square drive straight to him and he grasses it. It was a hot chance.
no run, full at off stump, looks to drive through cover, gets it to midwicket off the inside half.
no run, length slower ball on the hip, he clips this straight to forward square.
1 run, starts with a low full toss on the stumps, punched to long-on.
1 run, full, just outside off, and he check-drives to wide long off. Another tidy over from Mitch the bowler.
2 runs, on a length, quick, angling in, and they hustle through for another second by hitting slightly wide of long-on with soft hands.
1 run, low full toss. driven down to long-on for one.
SIX runs, seam-up, the yorker isn't coming out right for the bowler. Low full-toss outside off, Hardik rocks forward, lets his hands flow through the line. Smeared up and over extra cover for another six. Last four balls 17 runs.
1 run, googly and turning into leg stump. Deep in the crease to nudge this through square leg.
1 run, on a length, straighter, pushed down to long-on for one.
1 wide, bouncer first up, 141ks, but it is too high and is called a wide.
1 run, slides on outside off, whipped away to midwicket.
FOUR runs, crunched over the non-striker. Full and at off stump. Clears the front leg as he walks down the pitch and swings sweetly on the rise.
1 run, good length and into middle. Gets forward and jabs to the bowler's right with the angle.
1 run, flatter, straighter, and the batsman finds a quick single to short fine leg.
2 runs, good fielding again. Full and wide, and the batsman drove it to the right of extra cover, where DJ bravo dives and half-stops it.
SIX runs, down the track and over the boundary. the batsman is in the mood tonight. Was skipping down quickly, got to the pitch and smashed it over long-on.
1 run, short of a length and turning away outside off, gets on the back foot and hammers this to long-off.
no run, pretty full and zipping through outside off at nearly 143ks, the batsman has a big drive at it and only collects fresh air.
1 run, full on off stump, drives to long-on.
1 run, glances this fine to fine leg to get off the mark.
no run, length on leg stump, tossed up. Leans in and flicks to midwicket.
1 run, full on the stumps, blocked into the legside and they take a quick single.
no run, back of a length, and slightly wide outside off, cut to backward point.
1 run, punched to extra cover for a single.
SIX runs, overpitched outside off, and the bowler pays the price for missing his length. Down on one knee, and muscled by the batsman over long on. It's not off the bat's sweet spot, but enough behind it to clear the boundary. the bowler's knuckle ball did not come off.
3 runs, lovely shot. Shot of a man among the runs. Short of a length, outside off, and he still punches this wide of mid-on for three.
1 run, yorker, middle and leg, the batsman shows the respect and digs it out for one.
1 run, low full toss on middle, and drilled back to the bowler. He parries the ball to the leg side, and the batsman scampers across for one.
1 run, slower ball, short and into the body. Pulled to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower ball, full, driven hard to mid-off, who is at the edge of the circle. And yet he is gone if Deshpande hits. He misses.
1 wide, slower bouncer, down leg side. Beaten on the attempted hook.
1 run, dug in short and outside off, pulled on the bounce to deep square leg.
1 run, chops this down to point but a single they'll get.
FOUR runs, oh nice. He's played a few elite straight drives this tournament, and this one goes straight into the collection. A good length ball just outside off. Stays upright, offers the full face and check-punches between partner and stumps. High elbow and all.
OUT, That's the bowler's fourth! Really poor batting from the batsman. It was the bowler's last ball, it was tossed up outside off, would have been a wide had a he left it, instead he takes the bait and tries to go over extra cover, not even usually his area and ends up spooning a catch to the deep fielder.
1 run, low full toss outside off, punched to mid-on.
1 run, length on off, keeps low but he manages to turn it around towards midwicket.
no run, good length at middle stump, defended down the pitch off the back foot.
FOUR runs, pristine! Length ball sitting up outside off at the perfect pace, and he gets his weight into it even without a big forward stride. Races to extra cover's left.
FOUR runs, inside edge past the keeper and into the fine leg boundary. Good length and just outside off, reaches out at that and looks to drive on the up. Possibly through the leg side. Didn't get anywhere near it.
1 run, good length on middle, and the batsman comes skipping down the ground. Taps it towards the vacant area near midwicket to collect another run.
2 runs, slower ball, slants it into the pads, and he can flick this away towards deep backward square leg.
1 run, full, outside off, the batsman uses his feet and gets too close to the ball. Gets just the single to long-on.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, clipped to deep square's right.
2 runs, short of a length, flattens the trajectory and drifts it in, and the batsman whips it away to deep fine leg. And the batsman breezes back for the second.
no run, lovely outswinger first up. Dipping, on a length, just outside off, moving away late. Just doesn't get the edge.
1 run, full on the pads, holds in the surface a little, chipped to deep squareleg for a single.
no run, short of a length, outside off, played with an open face to point.
FOUR runs, high full toss, and the batsman makes room to crash this over point for four more.
1 run, fuller outside off, drives it towards sweeper cover, only a single.
1 run, once again, back of a length on middle and angling into DJ's body. Worked away to the leg side, rather uncomfortably.
1 run, length on the pads, clipped away to deep squareleg.
no run, short of a length, wide, swinging away, but the batsman throws his bat it it. Tries to cut, but ends up hitting it to extra cover.
no run, rare dot ball, goes wide outside off, and the batsman was backing away again so doesn't connect with the swing.
no run, good change in length, the bouncer and well directed too. Short down leg. the batsman is late on the pull, it just about misses the glove on the way to the keeper.
2 runs, pushed through outside off, stretches out, rolls his wrists, and sweeps it flat and hard behind square.
no run, quick, on a length, punched to cover.
2 runs, good length and into leg stump, allows it on and jabs it to deep backward square's leg.
no run, inside edge onto back leg. Another inswinger aimed for the top of off stump. Wants to slash behind point on the front foot.
1 run, driven firmly to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, top edge clears short fine. Looks like a googly at middle stump, he gets low and goes full-blooded with the sweep. The batswing helps him out in the end.
1 run, full outside off, and driven with the legspin to wide long off. In the air for a while, but it was pretty safe.
OUT, big appeal, that's definitely hitting the stumps, but did it pitch in line? Given, and the batsman has reviewed. De Kock shuffled across his stumps and looked to hoick this one through fine leg, and ended up making no contact. It's on the fuller side of a good length. Where did it pitch? Juuust in line with leg stump, and it's going on to crash into middle and off stumps.
1 run, slower ball, short of a good length on middle. Flicked to deep square.
no run, another quick length ball, punched to cover-point.
1 bye, has he put that down? Surely, yes.  Dropped by Buttler.  Shaped to cut but got a thick outside edge, deflects to short third man. Given as a bye, so doesn't go down as a dropped chance.
1 run, good length outside off, punched down the ground to long-off.
2 runs, slower in the air, swept away fine, nearly beats short fine, and gets a second off the fumble.
no run, stays on a length, just outside off, and he opens the face on it. Can't get it past point.
2 runs, length ball, just outside off, and he tries to fend with the bat's straight face again, but this time a thick outside edge takes it to third man for a single.
2 wide, that's seriously quick, a misdirected yorker angling down leg. Pant, moving to his right, fumbles after the batsman misses his flick, and they sneak a bye.
SIX runs, knuckle ball outside off, but easily picked by the batsman. Takes a big stride forward and muscles it beyond the long-off boundary.
1 run, big heave for the fullish ball around off, doesn't middle but sends it to long on.
1 wide, short on leg stump, and too high. the batsman doesn't even duck and that's flown over his helmet.
1 run, goes back to flick a flatter delivery outside off through midwicket.
no run, takes the pace off and pulls the length back. Dhawan eases it into the covers off the back foot.
2 runs, full on middle stump, and the mistimed on-drive beats the fielder at midwicket. Wide long on cleans up.
no run, googly on leg stump, the batsman is struck on the pad as he misses the sweep.
no run, Sharma tries the big drive over mid-on, but Axar slows it down, and he gets a big inside edge into the pad.
1 run, length ball around off, punched into the covers for one.
1 run, slower ball - good thinking against a rampaging batsman on an easy-paced pitch - the batsman dabs it at around square leg to pinch a single.
no run, good length outside off, defended in gully's direction off the back foot.
OUT, caught at deep square midwicket! This was in the slot on leg stump, he heaved it away but didn't nail it, he dragged it square and flat to Mandeep in the deep and he held the catch well.
SIX runs, good length on middle, and angling across the batsman. Just enough width to free his arms, and he smacks it over the non-striker's head. Hit well enough!.
FOUR runs, full-toss angling away outside off, the batsman now clears his front leg and crunches it to the left of covers for four.
no run, length on off stump, driven with the turn to extra cover.
FOUR runs, slowish length ball on off stump and the batsman gets down low and sweeps hard and fine, beats short fine leg to his left.
no run, beaten again with the offcutter. Hits back of a length, finds grip and climb as the batsman brings out a square drive on the up.
1 run, a short and wide delivery outside off, cut to deep point for a run. That's the better option in these conditions, can't concede sixes to that.
no run, back of a length on off, and angling across his body. Fended away from his body off the back foot towards cover. Good end to the over from the bowler.
SIX runs, scooped him up and over the keeper's head, straight scoop for six. Half-century for DK. He was looking away while trying to use the pace, got a big, fat top-edge that just flew. This is injustice.
no run, flat and quick outside off, he pushes it back to the bowler.
no run, slower ball, short and wide again. A more forceful cut this time but straight to backward point.
no run, fuller ball, angles across him, and he goes back to punch this towards short cover.
1 run, good length and into the pads, tickled down to fine leg.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, fended to point.
no run, back of a length and outside off, the batsman lets it go. There is some outswing which gives merit to the one slip in place.
FOUR runs, punches it late and beats both backward point running backwards and sweeper running to the left. It's a short of a length ball outside off, he allows it on and opens the face very very late to place this.
OUT, tame! Very soft dismissal. A bit of room outside off and he flays this with a flat bat, but picks out point. the batsman having a tough start to his IPL career.
FOUR runs, the bowler fails to close a good over. Bowls a slower ball half-volley at 117ks. Dhawan loves it, and plays the pick-up over the leg side.
FOUR runs, lovely sweep. On a length, middle and leg, and he sweeps down on it, and between long leg and deep midwicket.
no run, another slower full toss, this one dips enough to not be a no-ball again. the batsman gets just a bottom edge through to the keeper.
no run, short ball, angled in, good pace on that, the batsman belatedly decides to go for the ramp but misses.
1 run, good length and into the pads, steps out and flicks to deep midwicket.
1 run, no turn again, Curran goes back to punch this to leg for one.
SIX runs, Make that 50 to win. Short, a bit of width, gets up to shoulder height, and the batsman makes a little extra room and uppercuts over the backward point boundary.
no run, yorker on leg! Great comeback ball, but the batsman manages to dig it away towards the leg side.
1 run, good length and into the pads, steps out and flicks to midwicket.
no run, full, wide, holding its line this time, and the batsman walks across and lets it go.
SIX runs, bye bye, ball. This is a super hit. Gets right to the pitch and muscles it over long-on. No problems with the shot this time, bang off the middle.
FOUR runs, full, wide, smash and the ball disappears to the cover boundary. the batsman's skills in finishing a chase are fairly incredible.
1 run, yorker on middle stump, flicked to long-on off his toes.
no run, the legbreak, flat and straight. Inside-edged into the pad and then back up towards the keeper.
1 run, flighted just outside off, and almost yorks DK. Manages to squeeze it past cover to the man in the deep.
FOUR runs, short of a length, this is a cutter, and the batsman make sure to give himself enough room, before punching it crisply with loads of timing through extra cover.
no run, flighted, just short of being a half-volley, just outside off, steered away, but again can't place it. All signs of a slow pitch.
1 run, works this with the spin to long on.
OUT, Awful mix-up between the wickets, and the batsman has been dismissed. This was on a length and outside off, hint of turn, the batsman stretches out and pushes it to the right of Watson at short cover. He goes for an non-existent single, he is halfway down the pitch, Pant sends him back. Not enough time to undo his steps. Dhoni delays taking the bails off. Bring on Thanos, please.
no run, full and wide, away from the batsman but manages to kiss that wide line. Not called a wide.
1 run, full toss outside off, looks to drive through cover. Gets a thick inside edge towards long-on.
no run, short of a length, at his body, cramps him up as he has skipped down the wicket again.
1 run, full toss, wide outside off, and he mistimes a shot to long off. Hit flat to Jadhav this time.
OUT, straight to extra cover.  Full and wide outside off, he's down on one knee and strikes this cleanly. But placed right into Rayudu's lap. He's at the edge of the circle and it dips at a nice height. the batsman's cameo is done, was hitting them sweetly.
no run, tosses this up again outside off, the batsman drives, but cannot beat short cover.
SIX runs, swung over the midwicket boundary. Good length on middle stump, confident in the forward stride this time and a clean swing on it.
1 run, full on off, fired in, pushed to long-off.
OUT, doesn't read the googly! Ignorance is clearly not bliss, at least if you're Karun the batsman and Kings XI. The poor guy gets forward to block what he thinks is a leg break and is comfortably beaten on the inside edge. Great control of length from Rashid, suddenly pushing this one fuller, and slowing the pace too.
1 run, short, 135ks, gets a little big on him, hits him on the glove as he hooks. Falls safe. A single to long leg.
no run, short of a length, and turn again as the batsman looks to pull to let. Gets an inside edge to short fine leg.
1 run, shorter and quicker, the batsman rocks back to pull, is early into the stroke and only manages a thick inside edge to long-on.
1 run, full slower ball on off stump, backs away and drives on the bounce to mid-off.
1 run, a shortish delivery on middle and leg, swatted away to long-on, on the bounce.
no run, fizzes through just a shade outside off, the batsman presses forward and taps to cover off the front foot.
no run, short of a length and just outside off, punched back to the bowler.
1 run, length, outside off, and he punches towards extra cover.
1 wide, greets him with a bouncer, but it slides a long way down the leg side, past the attempted pull.
1 run, good length on leg stump, nudged through midwicket with soft hands.
no run, another cutter, fuller outside off and leaving the batsman, the batsman was down on one knee and looking to sweep it away, misses.
no run, fired full on the pads, turned to midwicket.
no run, back of a length on off, and the batsman goes for a wild swing of the bat. Misses completely.
1 run, length ball, waits on the backfoot to long-on.
no run, good length and into the corridor. Under-edge into the pitch on the late cut.
1 run, full and fast, and he concedes a single to the man he just pushed back: deep square leg.
no run, a googly outside off, patted back.
FOUR runs, 140.2ks short ball aimed at the head, Hardik the batsman brings out a duck-pull. He looks away, ducks, and pulls it away fine past the keeper.
1 run, smart bowling. the batsman was looking to back away, and the bowler fires it wide and full, and de Villiers can only get it off the toe-end towards cover. A bit of hesitation, but they get that run in the end.
no run, short ball outside off, backs away and swings across the line, beaten.
no run, short ball, angled in, the batsman misses the hook, not called wide as it slips down the leg side.
no run, offcutter at a length on off stump, from around the wicket. Defended into the covers.
FOUR runs, surreal. He threads one through point and cover again, this time off the front foot. No one quite as gorgeous as the batsman on the square drive these days. This is a full ball swinging well away from him but he gets there with a big stride and caresses it.
2 runs, good length at middle stump, punched to sweeper's right.
FOUR runs, tossed up and outside off, spins away, Suryakumar manipulates the field and deftly glides it away fine of Harbhajan at short third man. There's no way Harbhajan is going to cut this off. Fifty for Suryakumar.
FOUR runs, swept again, four again! Fuller on middle and leg and Dhawan this time goes finer, between short fine leg and square leg.
FOUR runs, slower, short ball outside off, 111.5ks, the batsman shapes for the cut. He waits for the ball to arrive then scythes it up and over backward point.
1 run, knuckleball that he swings across the line to long-on.
FOUR runs, full outside off, and the batsman drags the slog towards the leg side. Deceived by the slower ball, but enough power behind that shot to beat deep midwicket.
1 run, back of a length and angling across off, dabbed down to square-ish third man.
(no ball), full just outside off, and the batsman defends towards cover. Oh dear, he's overstepped. Free hit coming up!.
1 run, arm ball, short of a length, punched to long-off.
no run, slower ball outside off, hammered straight to extra cover.
1 run, full and wide outside off, gets forward and drives to long-off.
1 run, another slower one, on middle stump this time, and the batsman steps across to flick. Short fine leg dives left to make a good stop.
3 runs, down the leg side again, worked off the pads square enough to beat short fine leg and there's a close call for the dive at the boundary. Mandeep tried keeping the ball in with his first dive, the ball was still rolling as he went across the rope. He then put in dive from outside the boundary to keep the ball in again. The question if his fingers touched the rope while he pushed the ball in.
1 run, back of a length, coming in and this is worked square of midwicket for DC's first run.
1 run, width, and he cuts this away towards sweeper cover.
1 run, flatter, angling in, worked to leg.
no run, length around off, punched towards covers off the back foot.
2 runs, plays across another skiddy fullish length ball and gets a leading edge through the covers. Boult fires in a quick throw running in from the sweeper boundary.
1 run, full outside off, neatly driven to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, shortish, plenty of width, but the ball maybe doesn't bounce as much as de Villiers expected, and he ends up bottom-edging his cut to the fine leg boundary. Didn't miss off stump by much.
no run, drift and turn from middle, defended gently into the leg side.
no run, round the wicket, angled in at leg stump, pushed back to the bowler.
no run, short of a length, around off, pushed with an open face.
no run, on the pads and Parthiv turns it to short fine leg and looks for a single. Nothing doing.
FOUR runs, the batsman moves across off, this is dug short on middle, the batsman adjusts and pulls it away fine of short fine leg.
1 run, angles into the pads now and he clips it to long leg.
OUT, another caught and bowled! The slower ball does it again. Back of a length on middle, but he's through his front-foot defense too early. Tries to check his straight drive, but still can't do enough. Hits the top half of the bat and lobs straight into the bowler's hands. Replays suggest that was the knuckleball.
FOUR runs, slider just outside off, the batsman uses the pace of Rashid and scoops it over the head of the keeper.
FOUR runs, short ball stays low at middle and would have had him plumb, but he pulls at this and gets an under-edge past short fine.
SIX runs, that is sensational from the Under-19 boy! This is too short, he lines himself up properly and muscles this pull into the second tier. He's all of 17 but the shape and his timing is just magnificent. Crisp, clean strike against one of the better death bowlers.
no run, steps down the track but it's a shorter length and that forces the batsman to resort to a mild push back to the bowler.
1 run, good length and just outside off. Punched to extra cover's left off the back foot.
no run, short and wide outside off, looks to slap through the covers and is beaten.
1 run, length ball outside off, and Yusuf slaps it to point. They need to hurry for the single, but the fielder chooses not to throw at the stumps.
2 runs, short ball, the batsman doesn't get hold of it again as he mistimes a pull to backward square leg.
2 runs, length at middle stump, plants the front leg across and just manages to get bat on the attempted sweep. Trickles fine off the under-edge.
2 runs, low full toss outside off, mistimed swat to deep midwicket's left.
no run, length on middle, defended.
SIX runs, reaches out and helps that over the extra cover boundary. Overpitched and a lot of width outside off. He got on one knee and ran his hands from under this. Flat and into the ad boards.
2 runs, length on leg stump, flicked with the turn to long-on's left.
FOUR runs, the batsman welcomes the bowler with a muscular hit. Fullish and outside off, he jumps outside leg, and flat-bats it past the right of the bowler. Bam!.
SIX runs, there is no mistiming this. A gentle short ball at the stumps, and Sharma has smoked this out of the stadium. Sweet sound of the bat. Th sixes stats of Abu Dhabi already getting a working over.
2 runs, works this from outside off towards the man coming in from deep midwicket. A better throw from Mayank Agarwal at the bowler's end and it could've been close.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. the bowler bowls short but he is in position with his back and across trigger movement. Likes the pull shot, and he beats long leg to his left.
1 run, again that slight swing away from the right-hand batsman. On a length. Worked to leg for one.
1 leg bye, length on leg stump again, straightens a little and strikes Parthiv on the pad, although it would have missed leg this time.
2 runs, good length at middle stump, whipped into the vacant square leg region.
1 run, short of length, angling across, slapped towards midwicket.
2 runs, quicker one on middle, the batsman comes down the track and drills it to long-off and they take the fielder on, completing the two with ease in the end.
1 run, length at middle stump, punched to long-on.
1 run, punched to cover, and they chance a quick single.
no run, slower offcutter, dropped short and moving past the back shoulder. the batsman lets it go.
FOUR runs, another full one on off stump, and this time the batsman steps across and flicks it behind square, up and over to the left of short fine leg. What a shot!.
SIX runs, looooong way back! the bowler's no-ball costs him big. Short ball in the corridor, stays back and connects cleanly on the pull shot - way in front of square, over the wide long-on region.
1 run, full and in at middle stump, leans in for the flick to deep midwicket.
OUT, short of length outside off, the batsman goes for the pull but mistimes it towards short midwicket, the batsman sets off, Jadeja commits before the batsman decides against it, the bowler is quick to the ball and does the wise thing by running up to the stumps and dislodging the bails to find Jadeja stranded mid-pitch.
no run, good length and turning away from off stump, squares him and makes him defend off the back foot.
1 run, quicker, into the pads, protecting a good over. Dhawan gets a single to long-on.
no run, back of a length outside off, defended and it rolls to the keeper.
OUT,  right through, 144kph.  the batsman's forgettable IPL is over. the bowler gives him the silent treatment. the batsman went for a glory hit, trying to belt this up and over his head. But the ball angled back in to sneak in off a big inside edge and flatten leg stump. This is the fourth time the bowler has dismissed the batsman.
FOUR runs, slider, on a length, and he goes back to cut it late and cut it powerfully. He has also placed this in front of deep cover.
1 run, wide full toss with short third man in the circle. Playing with fire. But he gets just the single to deep point.
no run, good length at off, shuffles and flicks to midwicket.
to Parag, no run, good length at off, defended down the pitch.
2 runs, just eludes Kaul at mid-on! This got big on the batsman as he shaped to fetch this pull from outside off, got this on the top part of the bat. Ah, so near, yet so far.
no run, length and sliding on outside off, chopped into the pitch as he looks for the late cut.
no run, that's quick. He has visibly beaten the batsman for pace and hit his pad. Headed down leg.
SIX runs, clobbered too short, sat up and asked to be hit, and that's not a call the batsman will ignore. Rocks back and pulls powerfully over deep midwicket.
1 run, length outside off, uses the angle to jab towards third man.
no run, switches over to an off-stump line for this back of a length delivery, the batsman chops a punch towards extra cover.
1 leg bye, walks a long way across to paddle this one and gets hit on the pad as it rolls away to short fine leg. Impact outside off. Not too far away though.
FOUR runs, and the batsman stamps his hitting class. the bowler bowls just short of a length with mid-on up, and he drives at it with his head down. Doesn't bother to look up either as he has cleared mid-on with ease.
1 run, makes room and punches this length ball to long off.
1 run, short of a length, cutting in, off the inside of the bat to square leg.
1 run, toe-ends a lofted hit to long-on.
1 run, what is fear? Yusuf with a big stride down the pitch and an almighty drill down to long-off.
no run, the googly down leg, Rohit misses a slog sweep. Struck on the pad, sliding down. Two dots after six.
no run, arm ball around off, comes forward and blocks.
1 run, length-ball on off, but spinning away from the batsman. Cut to Curran off the back foot on this occasion. KKR won't mind these.
1 run, good length on off stump, and the batsman taps it towards long on off the back foot.
1 run, the bowler has nearly done him in all by himself. the batsman tries to go straight down the ground, but toe-ends a skier. This has gone nowhere. Is landing at around the 30-yard circle. the bowler charges back at it, and Stokes, running in, lets him go for it. He puts in a dive, but can't reach it.
1 run, yorker almost, middle and leg, dug out down to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. Driven on the up as the bowler bowls this length ball wide. Crashes this past extra cover for four.
1 run, oh dear, nearly a run-out chance! Pushed into the off side and the batsman was slow to get going, not sure how close it would have been with a direct hit at the bowler's end.
OUT, the bowler traps Dhawan lbw. He then collapses in his followthrough while appealing. the bowler loops it up on middle stump, straight ball, Dhawan misses it, looking to drag it away to the leg side with a sweep. He is pinned on the back thigh in line with middle. That's pretty adjacent and KKR find their first breakthrough.
no run, on a length, outside off, and he dead-bats it. Three dots.
1 run, good length on leg stump, tapped uppishly to long-on.
4 leg byes, deflected off the body and into the third man boundary. It's a slower short ball at off stump. He's through the attempted pull early. It hits the him on the right shoulder and trickles past the keeper.
SIX runs,  bursts through Chawla's hands at deep point for six!  Steps out and slaps this length ball, would've been straight down his throat had he stayed right at the ropes. May have come in a little too much.
1 run, toe-ends a sweep to square leg, they scamper a single.
no run, full and outside off, he lunges forward and is beaten on the outside edge. Yusuf is clearly not reading the bowler's variations.
1 run, drifts a length ball into middle and leg, tucked to deep midwicket.
no run, not short enough to pull from outside off, and it skids through a little low. Drags it without power to midwicket, off the inside half of the bat.
1 run, flat and quick on the pads, nudged to midwicket for a run.
no run, good length and in at off stump, nicely forward to tap this to extra cover's right.
2 runs, length on the pads, the batsman gets going with a neat clip towards deep squareleg for a couple.
OUT, the bowler has got his man this time. That seemed to come slower off the pitch, though not sure if it was a slower ball by the bowler. the batsman pushed at it too early, and pops a simple catch to mid-off. the bowler is pumped, and the comeback does have a wicket in his first over, even if a wicket off the first ball was missed.
OUT, tossed up, and he looks to go down the ground, but slices this to point. Big wicket! Smart bowling, because there has been some grip on this pitch, and that forced it to just hold on the pitch, and that goes straight to Bumrah at point. That's the first wicket that Sunrisers have lost in the Powerplay this season. Also the first partnership under 50 from these two.
1 run, full and outside off - but it's slow. So very slow. the batsman is preparing to paste it through the covers and has to adjust his shot considering the lack of pace. Single to long-off as the bat turns in his hand while making contact.
FOUR runs, fullish, wide outside off, and the batsman hammers a front-foot drive through the covers! Picks the offcutter very early this time, the batsman.
1 run, looks to hoick this over midwicket but gets an inside edge that rolls to the off side. They sneak in a single.
no run, full on off, and the batsman comes dancing down the wicket. Drives to midwicket, but the fielder slides across the surface to stop it from going past him.
1 run, another flatter one on off, pushed past the bowler as they jog the single.
1 run, opens the bat face slightly to drive this towards cover point.
1 run, short of a length and sliding into the hips. Glanced to short fine's right.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked through square leg on the front foot.
1 run, pacy yorker to finish, he goes deep in his crease but can only stroke it to cover.
1 run, full down leg, worked to deep midwicket for one.
FOUR runs, shot too full on the toes, and the batsman plays a pick-up flick, timing it to perfection, and finding the deep midwicket boundary.
no run, dropped! Miller has completely mistimed his jump! At backward point. Short of a length  in the corridor. Looks to punch through cover. Thick outside edge. He jumps very very early and awkwardly sticks out one hand, his left, up above his shoulder and allows this to drop to the floor.
1 run, fuller outside off this time, dragged towards long-on as the ball spins on the batsman.
1 run, shortish, and the batsman gently pulls it through square leg.
2 runs, full on the pads flicked off them to the left of deep square leg.
1 run, slower length ball outside off, punched to the right of Jadhav at cover.
OUT, the bowler gets the batsman a third time in three innings. Looks to slog at a length ball while he has been picking the singles so well till now. Perhaps just saw a length ball and went after it, which is fair enough. the bowler has bowled it cross-seam, and it seems to have hit the smooth leather and skidded on, taking the bottom edge.
no run, pacy one length and outside off, jabbed to backward point.
FOUR runs, well placed. Rashid gives away the googly early by lobbing it wide outside off. the batsman leans in, gets to the pitch and lifts it wide of long-off.
SIX runs, goes for a proper short ball, at 148ks, but this rises to as high as his ribs. Pulled away with disdain. The first six of many tonight.
no run, short and across the corridor, beaten on the cut. That slid through under his shot.
1 run, Warrier aims full, and Rohit digs it out down the ground to raise the fifty stand.
FOUR runs, fuller outside off, comes forward and drives it firmly past extra cover for four.
no run, dropped. Length ball on middle stump, stays tall and punches firmly back at the bowler who can't react quickly enough in his follow through.
2 runs, dropped! That catching fielder gets the batsman to try and go above the infield. But there's been a ball change in the interval and this one grips and spins away from his inside-out shot. He slices it up towards Prasidh who runs in and slides on his knees as he puts this down from in front of his chest and loses balance.
1 run, wide length ball, drilled to deep cover for one.
1 run, length on the pads, pushed towards midwicket for one.
SIX runs, Vinod Rajpal, you called it mate! Length ball, on middle, and the batsman stays on the back foot before muscling a six over long on. That's the batsman's highest IPL score at the Chepaul, and CSK finish on 175 for 5.
1 run, low full toss outside off, drilled to long-off.
1 run, strays on the pads and since it's a length ball as well, the batsman gets down low to sweep. Finds deep square leg though.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched sweetly on the up to deep point's right.
no run, full outswinger at off stump, pushes with hard hands and gets this aerially towards extra cover.
SIX runs, and there it is. With a lovely straight six, he goes to 55 off 29, but even that strike rate is not good enough after his slow start pushed CSK into a corner.
OUT, finally flighted one, got it to turn and has been rewarded. This is much slower through the air, the batsman is drawn forward as he shapes to drive but couldn't get to the pitch. The faint nick has been well taken by Rahul behind the stumps.
1 run, short of a length in the corridor, short-arm poke into the midwicket region.
1 leg bye, length on the pads, misses the flick but gets a leg bye to the keeper's right.
FOUR runs, length and angled in, tickled it fine, beating the man at leg slip, and after that there was no stopping it.
1 run, short ball and he's lucky it lands safe. But the batsman's surely deserved some luck. Was climbing on him and he went to pull, gets a top edge that lands behind the bowler, but in front of mid-on.
no run, shaped to paddle this fine but the bowler went full and wide, the batsman looked to angle it past short third man but couldn't get any bat.
1 run, the batsman runs down the track for a leg-side yahoo, instead he inside-edges to short fine leg. Siraj drags himself for a single.
1 run, good length on leg stump, tapped into the leg side with soft hands.
1 run, slow, dipping full toss. the batsman flicks through square leg and steals the strike.
no run, length outside off, the batsman pushes it to mid-off on the walk and considers a single but they decide against it well in time.
no run, the batsman looks to go big on the leg side, but he hits only fresh air.
1 run, googly, full outside off. Lofted drive to long-off's left.
FOUR runs, dispatched! Back of a length on off, but the batsman stands tall to pull square. Smacked to the leg-side boundary.
1 run, yorker wide outside off, chopped to deep point.
2 runs, he bowls full again, and down the leg side. Clipped away for two.
1 run, length on middle stump, taps aerially towards long-on.
no run, steps out to slap this over the infield but has no pace on the ball, loses his shape and timing, straight to point.
FOUR runs, full, looking to jam it against the bottom of his bat, but errs by a few inches. the batsman lofts him back over his head for a four.
no run, good length, a googly outside off. Pushed into the covers off the back foot.
no run, good length just outside off but going across the batsman. Misses the cut.
1 run, wide outside off, and even a full toss. But the batsman misses out. His slap towards point comes off the bat's toe end. Lucky the bowler.
1 wide, sliding down the leg side.
FOUR runs, lovely off drive. The mid-off is wide, and he plays the push-drive to the full ball, and beats him to his right.
1 run, squeezed down to third man to bring Rayudu on strike.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, googly turning in from a length, at off stump. Blocked on the front foot.
no run, squeezes out this yorker to cover, superb bowling this. Excellent execution.
no run, wicket-maiden as he leaves one alone outside off. Looking to win it inside 14 overs one moment, leaving alone balls the next. The drunken pendulum keeps swinging.
1 run, works this with the angle towards deep midwicket.  Time for a strategy break .
1 run, DROPPED! This time it is Pollard, of all people. the bowler tosses this up, the batsman takes the bait and has a swipe at it, it flies towards mid off, where Pollard spills a regulation chance.
1 wide, slower ball goes too far down leg and he'll have to re-bowl that.
no run, full on leg stump, cramps the batsman for room, worked to the leg side.
1 wide, slower ball dropped very short and down leg side. Beaten on the pull.
OUT, taken at deep midwicket. Overpitched on a middle stump line, there for the slog. But he's gotten too far under this, off the toe-end of the bat and taken on the line.
no run, short of a length outside off, punched straight to extra cover.
SIX runs, muscled over long on. He had the free license. Used the depth of the crease to convert this full delivery into a nice half-volley as he teed off in style. Brings up the 150 as well.
1 run, back of a length at off stump, thickish inside edge to the leg side.
no run, another slower ball, wide again, this time he catches up with it, but can't pierce the gap between point and short third man.
1 wide, sees the batsman shuffles across, goes wider, but ends up going too wide.
1 run, short of a length, no room, pushed to mid-off for a quick single.
1 run, full outside off, and once again those jelly wrists of the batsman. Whips to long-on's right, only one.
1 wide, slower short ball outside off, left alone.
no run, good length and tighter on off, poked into the covers.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to deep square.
no run, squares him up - if only a tiny bit - with a shortish delivery on off stump from around the wicket. the batsman blocks to point.
1 run, flicks a length ball towards deep midwicket.
no run, just short of a length outside off, and the batsman presses defensively to cover.
OUT, length ball, a googly again, goes back to cut and gets an outside edge, Smith takes a sharp catch at first slip at chest height with the fingers pointing upwards.
SIX runs, gets one full and uses it. the bowler errs in length for the first time tonight and this is slugged over his head. Just short of a driving length and the batsman uses his reach and goes straight.
1 wide, slower short ball down leg side, left alone.
SIX runs, smokes it for six this time! Bit fuller, the batsman leans into it and slams that over the long-on boundary with the inswing.
(no ball), good bouncer but it's the second one! Free-hit coming up. the bowler wins the battle, following the batsman down leg side with this bouncer, but it's come at a cost.
no run, this is fired down the leg side.
FOUR runs, sails over first slip. A googly, full outside off. Once again, he's looking to go midwicket. It's a top edge.
no run, good bowling! Good length outside off, but the bowler's smart enough to take the pace off the ball. the batsman's through his attempted pull way too early.
no run, short and on top of off, punched back to the bowler.
1 run, bunts it into the off side as they scamper a single. Good start, hit the deck hard at length, Surya got this high on the bat towards point.
OUT, caught and bowled, once again! Tossed up on leg stump, and it's the wrong'un. the batsman prepares to sweep, but he's played it way too early. Comes off the bat's toe end, and the leading edge is swallowed by the bowler.
1 run, slower length ball outside off, steered to square third man.
1 run, length at leg stump, clipped to deep square.
no run, short of a length and just outside off, cut to backward point's right.
OUT, oh the adrenalin is flowing. the bowler gets his former captain. Again he nearly beats the inside edge of the shuffling the batsman. The last time the inside edge saved him from a dead lbw. This time it drags the ball from outside off to top the of the leg stump.
1 wide, bouncer, but too short and sails over his head. That will be wide.
no run, good length and just outside off. Looks for big slog, mistimed out to a wide mid-on.
FOUR runs, it's a tie! A super over! Unreal. Slower short ball and that is well, completely predictable. Sits up at off stump. the batsman deep in the crease and clobbers this between deep square and deep midwicket. One bounce and over the rope.
no run, length ball, a little wider, presses forward to push towards cover point.
1 run, full on leg stump, clips to deep midwicket from the crease.
FOUR runs, hoicked and he's timed this brilliantly. Not much movement so he just picked the length and walloped it to deep midwicket.
1 run, yorker, at the base of leg stump, and the batsman makes room before driving to deep extra cover.
1 run, too full, this is driven down but straight to AB at mid-off.
1 run, yorker as the batsman dances down again. Gets the inside edge onto the pad. The ball is on the pitch but they take the single despite a direct kick from the bowler.
1 run, Nortje has dropped it. What a chance this is. This is actually a good ball to bowl to the batsman because he likes to help it along with the pull. So you have the fine leg back and bowl into his underarm. the batsman offers the catch, but Nortje can't hold on. Quite a regulation catch.
1 wide, bouncer. Too short. Well down leg side. He looks to whip this away but it's too wide.
FOUR runs, shot! Surya's magic wrists. Overpitched ball outside off, half a stride across and then he whips it past mid-on, without even leaning in. Just glorious.
1 run, full, just outside off, and he takes a big stride forward to defend. Tapped off the front foot, but the shot's been bat-padded towards the leg side.
1 run, slower short ball, wide outside off. Backs away and chops to sweeper cover.
1 run, dragged away to the leg side.
2 runs, short, wide, and he gets down on one knee and slices this away towards backward point. The man at sweeper cover does well to get to the ball and send the throw back in.
1 wide, short ball, gets up too much and angles down leg as well, called a wide.
1 run, length around off, a single towards backward point.
SIX runs, length and the batsman deposits it over long-on. Keeps a stable base and swings through the line. Languid goodness.
no run, darts in a length ball at pace on middle, and the batsman defends back.
1 run, finally bat meets ball. A slower cutter around off, heaved away to deep midwicket for one run.
no run, slider outside off, chopped tentatively into the offside.
no run, excellent yorker, aimed right at the feet of the batsman and he can't connect with his flick. Hit on the pads but it's angling down leg, so no appeal.
2 runs, good length outside off, walks at it and punches to sweeper's right.
1 run, the batsman hangs back and works with the spin to midwicket.
no run, full on middle stump, driven back at the bowler.
2 runs, full, outside off, just a push wide of mid-off for a couple. Elegantly played.
1 run, another off-pace short ball and Surya loses his shape as he pulls it to deep midwicket.
no run, full, outside off, timed sweetly, but hit straight to mid-off.
no run, length on off stump, defended off the back foot.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven down to long-on.
1 run, short at middle, hurried pull towards long--on.
2 runs, deft from the batsman. Length ball at middle stump, gets right on top of the bounce and tickles it through the open square leg region.
1 run, tossed up and spins away outside off, this googly is hit down to long-off.
no run, short of a length, straight, the batsman opens the face on it, but can't beat point.
no run, the bowler hits a hard length on off - neither driveable nor pullable - jabbed back to the bowler.
1 run, too straight, on the pads, and tucked to fine leg.
1 run, slower ball outside off, and the batsman lifts this inside out over cover. Deep extra cover does well to race across and intercept.
1 run, slower ball yorker on leg stump. the batsman backed away towards the leg side, and eventually manages to squeeze it towards square leg. An excellent delivery.
FOUR runs, ah, shot! Not often do you see the batsman collect boundaries with just timing and placement but this is one of those rare moments. Not a whole lot of movement of the feet but he has gorgeously placed thus fuller one through cover and point.
2 runs, Dhawan skips down the wicket, and chips this in front of deep square leg for two.
OUT, it's the old saying about adding two wickets to a score and the Capitals lose their captain to a horrendous stroke! It was short on middle, perhaps there for the pull shot but the execution was poor as he went too hard and got it off the toe end, offering a simple catch to deep midwicket.
OUT, length and angled in, Rohit tries to slog it to the leg side, seems to get an inside edge onto the pad, but given by the umpire. Rohit reviews. Seems to be no edge there and that spells trouble for Mumbai, as it would have clipped leg stump.
1 run, goes for the yorker on middle stump but not quite there and the batsman flicks it off his toes to deep square.
FOUR runs, nearly run out. Pushed to the adjacent pitch on the leg side, the bowler dashes across, de Kock is well short, but he misses with the direct hit.
2 runs, goes over cover, down to Umesh at sweeper cover, for a moment it looked like a risky second but the batsman completes it easily.
FOUR runs, one bounce and four. Third man would've taken that but there isn't one. It's a length ball wide outside off. He slashes on the up and deliberately opens the face.
1 run, starts off with the slower ball. Short on middle, and DK flicks it fine off his pads. Goes to fine leg this time.
no run, length at the stumps, watchfully pushed back to the bowler.
no run, overpitched outside leg stump, and he's down on one knee to slog sweep. Misses it completely.
no run, turn, sharp turn. Looks like an easy single to leg, but then it turns to take the leading edge to point.
1 run, you could predict the reverse-sweep coming from a mile. He gets past short third, but can't beat the chase of deep point, who must be there just for this shot.
FOUR runs, scythed off the thick inside edge and it trickles to deep square's left and beats him to the boundary. A short ball again, throws his bat at it with a pull and gets no real timing on that. But midwicket is in and there is a gap out there.
1 wide, good length and big turn away outside off. It's also very wide.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched to extra cover off the back foot.
2 leg byes, length and sliding onto leg stump. Deflected towards short fine off the back foot as he looks to glance.
FOUR runs, full, wide outside off, and this time the batsman manages to free his arms. Smashes a four through the covers, and even manages to pierce the gap between deep extra cover and long off.
no run, good length on off, and spinning away from the batsman. Cut off the back foot to the man at point.
no run, good length outside off, driven on the rise to extra cover.
1 run, length at middle, swept on the bounce to deep square.
1 run, slow and short of a length, into leg stump. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
no run, on a length, straight, worked to leg.
1 run, falls short of cover - which is where Siraj is at now. The ball has it in for him. the batsman goes gung ho again at a full delivery.
SIX runs, short on middle, the batsman is a bit late onto the hook. He top-edges it into the CSK dugout beyond the fine leg boundary.
1 run, short outside off, dropped in front of Vijay at midwicket. Soft hands and pinches the run from CSK's sloppiest fielder this evening.
no run, good length outside off, and extra bounce this time. Misses the cut.
1 run, flicks this towards deep midwicket.
1 run, again late on the shot. Back of a length on middle, pulled away towards long-on, but on the bounce to the fielder.
2 runs, length ball on the stumps, swipes it behind square leg for a couple.
FOUR runs, now he swings blindly at a delivery outside off that's just short of a good length and gets an outside edge that flies between the keeper and a short third man that's more fine than usual.
FOUR runs, punched past the bowler! Full ball at off stump, steps out to create some pace off the surface and then check-drives it firmly past the bowler's ankles.
FOUR runs, shot full toss and he confidently smacks it over short midwicket and into the boundary.
1 run, slider at a length on middle stump, gets low and sweeps to deep backward square.
no run, short and wide outside off, cut straight to backward point.
no run, fuller ball, wide outside off, and he looks to swing this over midwicket, but misses.
1 run, good length just outside off, takes the extra bounce into consideration and taps it fine to the fielder at third man.
no run, legcutter. On a length just outside off. Looks to flick but gets a leading edge towards mid-off.
OUT, tonks off stump! Full and honing in at off stump. Nothing adventurous about this shot either, just an attempted drive. But the bowler is  rapid. Just too good. He has done his job to perfection.
1 run, flighted, outside off, and he plays a lofted drive, but safely bounces on its way to long off.
OUT, another duck for Kishan! Third duck in four innings. Full on off stump, and swings into Kishan's pads. He tries to drive towards mid on, but there's a big gap between bat and pad. The ball sneaks through and crashes into off middle stump. Perfect start for Bangalore.
no run, googly which he reads off a length and defends back.
1 run, just short of long-on as Warner charges in to make sure there's no chance of a second. Slower ball, it appears. At a length at middle stump and getting big on his attempted slog.
2 runs, short of a length on off, gets an inside edge to midwicket.
no run, over the wicket, leans forward and defends back to the bowler.
1 run, length ball, slower delivery on off and angling in. Worked off his pads to midwicket.
2 runs, length on leg stump, flicks to deep midwicket's right and steals the second as Dhawan fumbles.
no run, short of a length and wide outside off. Slaps it on the up, straight to extra cover.
no run, fullish and wide outside off, it's there in the slot for the batsman's freed-arms drive through cover point, but he fails to make contact.
OUT, 101ks slower ball, dips outside off, the batsman does not pick the change-up. He swishes so hard that he loses his shape and under-edges it back to DK behind the stumps. They search for a single but Maxwell is sent back. The keeper passes the ball to Mavi, who clips the top of the bails with an over-arm throw.
1 run, on middle, and angling into his pads. Rocks onto the back foot and punches it past the non-striker to long on.
OUT, sharp offcutter bouncer. Singh is cramped as he looks to back away. Ends up trying to play an upper-cut but gets no power behind it because it has got big on him. Rana runs back from point to take the catch.
SIX runs, salt into the wounds! the batsman skips down the wicket and launches this down the ground and over the boundary.
no run, sharp bouncer, pacy and on target. the batsman ducks under it. 145 kph.
2 runs, lifts it over short third but hasn't hit it too well. Krunal pedals backwards and flicks it back for point who has given him an option. the batsman lifted this with a reverse-scoop, it was full on off stump.
SIX runs, lofted over the long-off boundary. Full slower ball outside off, gets to the pitch of that and keeps the full face offered as he extends the arms through the line. Mid-off was in, so the risk was cut out.
1 run, dug in short of a good length again. He slams them in, such that they lose pace coming at the batsman. the batsman can only tap that to long-on off the back foot.
no run, good length, 141kph, he drives on the up to mid on.
1 run, dug in short and the batsman is defeated on the pull, hits his chest and rolls to short third man.
1 run, swings this full toss towards wide long-on, single is all the batsman will get.  Firecrackers go off in Bengaluru as RCB stay alive!  Sunrisers have been pipped at the post despite some shoddy bowling from Royal Challengers.
SIX runs, which is just as well because the batsman has hit the first ball for six. Short ball, on pace, and the batsman loves him some on-pace short bowling. Over wicket for six.
1 run, flat, into the pads, whipped to deep square for one.
1 run, good riposte! Sran bends his back to gain some lift at a shade under 140km/h, the batsman hopping to fend through gully.
1 run, length on middle stump, driven on the up to long-on.
1 run, length outside off, sliced uppishly towards third man.
1 run, dip and then turn. Hit uppishy back to Moeen but doesn't carry.
FOUR runs, slashed over point! Good length on off, and that's been cut square. Just over the fielder at point, and the ball races away to the boundary. Enough width for the batsman to free his arms.
no run, again done in by inswing. the bowler hits his thigh pad this time.
1 run, just short of long-on. Good length at middle stump, looks to slug that wide of long-on but it came off the toe-end.
nan
1 run, full, on the pads, he looks to flick, but gets a leading edge towards point.
no run, back of a length on a fourth-stump line, punched through the line to short cover.
2 runs, works this fine to fine leg, slower ball so he had enough time to change his stroke.
1 run, driven down the ground for one.
1 run, length ball outside off that doesn't turn in much, dabbed to short third man, very fine.
1 run, full, low, wide, hit to extra cover for one.
no run, middle-stump yorker, backs away and digs it out to mid-off.
no run, slower short ball outside off, backs away and cuts straight to backward point.
SIX runs, clears long on effortlessly. Just hit that length ball through the line, so much power off the bottomhand. Stunning from the batsman.
no run, crafty late cut down to third man, and on another day, the batsman would have got the chance to celebrate that with a run. Tonight, he stays still. Short ball in the corridor from the bowler.
no run, good length delivery outside off, tapped away towards backward point.
SIX runs, send for the travel agent because that ball is going places. He bowls this too full outside off and the batsman gleefully frees his arms and swings this way over long on.
1 run, slower ball, short, wide, cut away for one.
no run, big appeal for catch behind from the bowler. No reviews left. Dhoni didn't look to animated on this appeal. Short and wide outside off, walks across into the off side and has a stab at this. It's past the sticker region of the bat. Nothing on Ultra Edge.
no run, cuts him in half. This is short of a length, and nips back in, and beats the inside edge. Over the stumps its goes.
no run, good length and sliding into middle. Can't get the punch past extra cover.
1 run, short and rising in the corridor. Nicely on top to turn it towards third man.
no run, good length on the stumps, patted back.
no run, length on off, nearly chops it back on to the stumps as he looks to cut.
no run, full on middle stump, and the batsman drives down the ground past the bowler.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched to long-off.
SIX runs, full and wide outside off - right in Rohit's swinging arc - he extends his hands and banishes the ball over extra cover after collapsing his back leg. Not middled, but Rohit won't mind.
FOUR runs, short, and he goes back and cuts this away towards backward point. Attempt by Rana to keep it in play after running around from sweeper cover, but it goes for four.
1 run, chipped it in the air, and towards mid-on, but the ball didn't travel enough. Slower ball, full on leg stump and the batsman was too early into his flick. Well disguised by Ishant.
FOUR runs, shuffles across early to a short ball and gets tucked up for room as a result as he gets a top-edge. Pulled through deep square leg.
no run, length outside off, moving away a little, the batsman chases it with his hands again and lucky to not get an outside edge.
1 run, full outside off, driven on the bounce to extra cover's left. Missed out on that. Chawla did well to throw himself at that, face first. A boundary for sure if that got past him.
no run, length ball, beautifully done. Draws him forward and gets it to leave him off the deck very late as the batsman walks into the shot and gets beaten.
SIX runs, Pandya overpitches slightly, gets into the batsman's zone, and he slog-sweep this over midwicket. Efficient batting so far. Respect to good balls, but no respect to the scoreboard if he slips into the batsman's arc.
1 run, short of a length, steered through point to the sweeper.
1 run, low full toss, clipped off the toes.
1 run, good length outside off, opens the face and chops to short third.
(no ball) 2 runs, yoekr gone wrong, high full toss, pulled down square on the leg side. Called a no-ball. Chahar's misfield costs them two runs.
1 wide, slower ball, short of a length, wide outside off. Called too.
1 run, turns this off his hip to midwicket, another quick single.
1 run, short of a length outside off, low skidder. Gets on the back foot and drags this to long-on's right.
no run, chops the shortish delivery outside off to cover.
1 run, length around off, looks to defend but gets a thick inside edge towards short fine leg.
1 run, crashes this short ball to deep point.
1 run, this one moves in, worked away to short fine leg for one.
no run, full on the pads, slower ball, nearly clipped to short fine-leg, falls just short.
1 run, short of a length, at the pads, tucked away to long leg.
1 wide, attempted slower ball, full and down leg side again. Left alone.
no run, shorter and wide, it stops in the surface as he tries to cut and mistimes to point.
FOUR runs, the bowler over-corrects after the last delivery, dropping it short and wide outside off to open up the cover field for the batsman's scything cut.
OUT, length ball outside off, bounced a bit more than he expected. Went for the cut off the back foot but ends up getting a thick edge that Dhoni pouches easily.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
FOUR runs, steps out and carves it over extra cover. Full slower ball outside off, quickly to the pitch of it with his feet down leg side to create room. Funds his spot to perfection.
1 run, pitched up, middle and leg, he drives this down to long-on for one.
1 run, edged and short of slip. This is excellent Test-match bowling to the batsman. Full, just outside off, seams away, takes the edge, but Dhawan is too deep at slip. I can understand that: you stand deep because in T20 batsman are swinging hard and edges carry further.
1 run, short of a length, straight, worked to square leg.
2 runs, driven down to long-off, just wide of him, as he bowls length.
1 run, full-toss outside off, 140ks, reverse-paddled it away only as far as short third man.
1 run, the batsman sets himself to smash this short one over square leg, but the ball goes completely in the opposite direction, bouncing out to deep point for a single. the batsman's in no danger of under-hitting one.
1 run, very short ball on the stumps, mistimes the pull shot and it lands short of deep midwicket. Not done very well against half trackers this season .
1 run, leaning onto the front foot and flipped to the leg side.
1 run, yorker, but down leg, the batsman gets his foot out of the way and flicks it to deep square.
no run, moves across and tries to clip a leg-stump fuller one, gets hit on the pad as it rolls to the keeper. Appeal for leg before withheld.
FOUR runs, another one lands short but this time it'll go through the fielder as well. the batsman is mastering these toe-end strokes. Length ball wide outside off and he throws his hands at it. Sweeper done for.
no run, good length and going on with the angle outside off, beaten on the attempted jab off the front foot.
no run, slower ball again, short and just outside off. Under-edge on the attempted cut. Rolls to the keeper.
1 run, crunches it off the back foot towards sweeper cover for one.
no run, a beauty! Length ball around off, squaring the batsman up as he looks to defend, was there an outside edge? Think he missed it, but Sunrisers have gone for the review. Replays confirm there was no bat involved, the ball brushed the back thigh on its way into Bairstow's gloves. But third umpire has to now check for lbw as well. It's umpire's call on the impact, just around off stump and umpire's call on the stumps as well, would have just clipped the off stick. So it stays not out.
2 runs, and immediately after that chat with Fleming in the timeout, Faf shows some intent. Drills this down the ground for a couple.
no run, googly at a length outside off, looks for the late cut, under-edge onto the pitch.
no run, yet another googly, shortish and wide, carved to backward point. Played off the back foot.
1 run, full on middle and leg, clipped between midwicket and mid-on.
no run, good length outside off, an open-faced dab to third man. Cutting refuses the single.
OUT, appeal for lbw as the batsman sets up a pull shot. He is hitting with the turn, but the ball skids through and strikes him on the pads. DK wants to review. The impact is on the back leg, which is right in line with off stump, and HawkEye says it's hitting the stumps as well. Umpire Anil Chaudhary will have to change his on-field not-out decision.
FOUR runs, short of a length outside off, cuts firmly and bisects the men at short third man and backward point.
1 run, full and flat on middle and leg, turned to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, another misdirected wide yorker, ends up as a low full-toss wide of off stump, and the batsman does really well to reach out and slash it away, deliberately slicing underneath the ball, to beat short third man diving to his left.
1 run, whoa that's a 150.6 kph yorker. Quinton does well to get the bat down and keep it out.
2 runs, finds the yorker outside off and the batsman slices it to deep point.
SIX runs, and again. the bowler drops it short to Parthiv who leans back and helps it over the keeper. This time the timing's so good that it carries all the way.
1 run, short of a length, around off, pushes this towards point with soft hands and comes through for one.
1 run, that is better from the bowler. On a length, into the 140s, swinging it in, inside edge onto the pad for one.
no run, length ball outside off, driven to cover, but not timed well enough.
1 run, short ball in the channel. Gets on one leg and hurriedly bunts this into the square leg region.
1 run, short of a length, wicket to wicket, punched to leg for one.
no run, past the outside edge. Length ball wide outside off, opens the face and has a swish.
1 run, slower short ball at middle stump, pulled to deep square.
OUT, GOT 'IM! Bowls this fuller, and a touch wider, and the batsman throws the kitchen sink at this one. Not in shape at all, and gets an inside edge on to his stumps. Perhaps needed to watch him out for a bit, but that's the two big wickets that Mumbai would have wanted. Sunrisers with a slightly untested middle order needing to get the job done.
no run, full just outside off. Driven inside-out, but straight to the man at cover.
1 run, driven to long-off.
1 wide, slower ball, full outside off. Too wide, says the umpire.
1 run, short, angling down leg, pulled round to fine leg.
1 run, another carrom ball and another full toss, the batsman stays inside the line and lashes it through cover point.
2 runs, slogged across the line, no timing, gets just the couple.
1 run, steps out and slaps this length delivery to the edge of the ring at cover.
2 runs, good length outside off, and spinning further away from the right-handed batsman. Cut off the back foot to deep extra cover.
FOUR runs, cut wide of third man. Short and wide from Khaleel, the batsman goes intentionally aerial. Easy runs.
1 run, shortens his length but angles this wide, DK steered this behind square but Binny puts out a dive at short third man to save three runs.
no run, short! And the umpire says 'dot ball!' the batsman ain't happy, but the cal stands. He did try to pull, but was nowhere near the shot. Royals need 34 off the final over.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and punching to deep cover-point.
no run, a slower ball bouncer, the batsman ducks underneath, it really stuck in the pitch.
no run, back of a length and nips back in from round the stumps to ping the thigh pad, but this heading past the leg stump.
no run, makes room and punches this slider to cover, miscommunication with the running but they don't take the run.
1 run, full toss on off stump, flicked to midwicket's right.
no run, a bouncer this time, but the batsman fails to connect, a dot.
no run, full and following him down leg side. Driven on the bounce to the bowler.
1 run, length outside off, looks to drive through cover, gets it to midwicket off the inside half.
no run, full just outside off, and the batsman shuffles forward to tap it towards the off side.
1 run, good length on off, and turning away from the batsman. Nudged to the cover-point region, and calls it early for a run.
FOUR runs, slow length ball pushed across off stump. Swivels to get in position for the reverse sweep and just manages to get bat on it to get it past short third.
4 leg byes, floats past the keeper. Short of a length and into the pads. Beaten on the attempted swipe behind square, but that's off the thigh guard and between keeper and short fine.
FOUR runs, looks to drag this short ball from wide outside off, and gets a toe-end edge between the keeper and short fine leg.
no run, slower length ball on middle, the batsman waits, waits and then defends.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. the bowler misses his yorker by six inches or a foot, and the batsman stays deep in the crease to go inside-out and in front of deep cover for four.
no run, length outside off, punched to cover-point.
no run, length ball on the pads, flicked away towards short fine leg.
1 run, short of length outside off, goes back and cuts it towards deep extra cover.
no run, length ball, wide outside off stump, and he lets the ball go through to the keeper.
no run, length ball, on off, and he comes onto the front foot to defend.
SIX runs, outstanding! He picks up the short ball outside off - a short ball that doesn't really bounce - and wallops it over long-on.
1 wide, too short. Hardly has to duck to let this pass over middle stump.
1 run, full and straight, hit wide of long-on, and no fancy cute sharp twos. Give the strike to the batsman. Kohli thinks so too.
no run, short, and goes in towards him. the batsman backs away, and leaves it. He hopes for this to be called wide, but it is just one short ball for the over.
FOUR runs, banged in short and aimed at the head of the batsman, he top-edges a hook fine of short fine leg. Fortunate runs for CSK and the batsman.
no run, length outside off, hint of movement away again, the batsman takes a couple of steps across and defends to point.
2 runs, short of a length outside off, punched through cover. Rinku pedals back from backward point and stops this. Haven't seen someone who comes this close to matching Warner on speed on the ground.
no run, yorker outside off, sneaks through under his bat. He was looking to run it down to third man.
no run, nicely bowled, very full and the batsman can only dig it out back to the bowler.
1 run, short, angling into leg stump, pulled to deep backward square leg.
1 run, down the wicket, Axar shortens the length, concedes just the single.
1 run, very full outside off, he drives firmly to long off.
OUT,  today is a day of catches, physics-defying from AB!  It's that superman AB de Villiers. The catch is so good that Kohli and his mates do a 100 metre dash to run towards their mate. Magnificent, incredible. the batsman steps out and muscles this length ball over deep midwicket, he thinks he's cleared it but doesn't know what's to come. AB leaps high, but realises the ball was swirling away. Instinctively puts his right hand out and pulls off a one-handed stunner even as it continued to curl away. Mind you. he was airborne when the ball lodged in his hand, so there was still a simple matter of having to land, keep control and be mindful of the ropes. All items checked. Wow.
no run, how has de Kock managed to drop this one?. BUmrah has done the job he is asked to do. A wide length-ball slower ball produces the skier that could bring MI the wicket that takes the heat off Coulter-Nile's over. But de Kock has let it slip through his big gloves.
1 run, a full, angled delivery ricochets off the inside edge and crashes into the stumps, and they pinch a single as it rolls to fine leg.
1 run, wrong-un, makes room and cracks this to deep cover.
2 runs, full and wide outside off. Reaches out to try and drill that through the covers. Thick inside edge past the keeper and slip gives chase.
1 run, short of a length at off stump, deep in the crease and punches to long-off's right.
no run, well bowled, dipping, on a length, no room. Pushed back to him.
no run, full yorker floating away from him outside off. Reiffel shaped to call it a wide, hands half out. Then the bowler protested and, so did Dhoni. And suddenly he rethinks it. Replays show it had curved past the line.
1 run, uses his feet to get down the pitch and runs it down to long on.
1 run, short of a good length, turning in at middle stump. Punched to extra cover's right off the back foot.
1 run, flat-bats a short ball to long-off.
no run, slower ball, full, around off, driven hard, but can't beat mid-off.
1 wide, good length outside off but angling further away. Looked like it went inside the tramlines but the umpire calls it a wide.
1 run, short, and he goes back and taps this towards midwicket and sets off immediately for the single.
1 run, short of a length across the corridor, pulled off the front foot, along the floor to deep midwicket.
no run, goes back in the crease and pushes the ball to off after it turns away.
no run, good length, googly at leg stump. Flicked to midwicket from the crease.
1 run, length ball on middle and leg, tucked away behind square.
1 run, good length on middle stump, no real pace on this delivery, forcing the batsman to create his own. Muscled towards cow corner.
1 run, round-arm length ball, in at middle stump. Punched to long-on's right off the back foot.
no run, short of good length on a fourth-stump channel, the batsman punches and finds cover.
1 run, well bowled, a yorker outside off, jammed away for one.
no run, looks to work this square of the wicket, but is beaten by delivery that comes back in to hit him on the pad.
1 run, tucked off the hips to deep square leg off the back foot.
SIX runs, wow, that's another brilliant stop at the boundary from Manish Pandey. Or is it? Jumped down the pitch and turned this ball into a full-toss on the legs. Flicked it and timed it very well, well enough to clear the boundary to the right of deep midwicket. But Pandey, running to his right and jumping past the rope, pulls it back with one hand. But replays show his foot landed before he could paddle the ball back, and that will be six.
1 run, yorker, dug out to mid-off, takes a single to reach yet another fifty.
1 run, tossed up full on middle stump, slugged along the floor to long-on's left.
1 run, length on off stump, defended into the covers.
1 run, slower ball at a length on leg stump, nudged to midwicket's right with soft hands.
FOUR runs, stays low because he needs to with a length ball on off stump, and by staying low, he's able to get under it and basically scoops it to the square leg boundary. Brilliantly innovative batting.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, swung away to deep square leg along the ground.
no run, short of a length, no room, punched to cover.
1 run, sliding into the pads, worked off the back foot wide of square leg.
no run, jumps out of the crease this time, and I mean literally, but the bowler shortens his length and draws a defensive push from him.
OUT, shapes to cut but this one spins back in the other way, keeps low and kisses the inside half of the bat as Buttler pouches a superb catch.  Staying low was the key. the batsman asked if this was an appeal for lbw or caught behind. Umpire Nanda Kishore signalled that it was for caught behind and he's made the right decision.  the bowler gets his New Zealand captain. . First wicket in the IPL for him.
1 run, right in the block hole outside off, he jams his bat down for a single towards backward point.
no run, the batsman forays down the track, Sran finally gets the yorker right, darted wide outside off, away from the reach of the rampaging the batsman.
FOUR runs, angles it across, there's not much room but the batsman cuts that nicely off the back foot and bisects the gap between point and short third man. Not a bad ball, but really good shot.
1 run, full outside off, bottom-handed shovel to long-off.
1 run, good fielding at mid-off by R Ashwin. Moves to his left and puts in the dive to stop a yorker that Nabi has hammered all along the ground. Looks set to reach the extra cover boundary until the Kings XI captain butted in.
1 run, wide length ball, the batsman moves across and drives it to deep cover.
no run, full and into the corridor, defended solidly on the front foot.
no run, good length and sliding on outside off, punched to point off the front foot.
FOUR runs, great placement the batsman's finding his groove now, cleared his front leg and opened his stance, low full toss on off and he drives it through extra cover.
1 run, length outside off, steered to third-man.
1 run, slower short ball, offcutter, loses a lot of pace as it angles away from off stump and it's on its way down when the batsman flicks it through midwicket.
1 run, drags this short ball straight to deep midwicket. No timing.
2 runs, slower ball, on the onside, and he has tucked this away towards midwicket. He wants two he gets two! Well played, Ajinkya the batsman. Held this innings together, and played some gorgeous strokes.
1 run, slower ball, outside off, and de Villiers muscles this towards the leg side. That area is packed by outfielders though.
1 run, looks to make room, the bowler stays on a length and straight. Dhawan pushes this past point for one.
1 run, thick inside edge, the ball deflects to point. the bowler angles one in from wide of the crease, Rohit looked to whip this over midwicket.
no run, good length and turning in at off stump. Gets forward and defends.
SIX runs, launches it! See, he's an awesome hitter. And he proves it by taking on a length ball on off stump and making it disappear over the bowler's head.
OUT, out to the pull, out to the pace! the batsman's struggle is over. This is a skiddy length ball angling way, the batsman had already decided he'll fetch the pull from outside off. The length wasn't quite there and so he gets an under-edge that is gleefully accepted by Pant.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, turned to long-on.
OUT, taken at short fine. Slower short ball just outside off. Looks for the pull shot again but this grips and gets big on him. The top edge floats straight to the fielder.
FOUR runs, sweeps it behind square. Splendid batting. It's tossed up outside off, and Dhawan gets a monster stride forward, gets his hands over the ball and then swings through beautifully.
SIX runs, cheeky. the bowler follows him with a short ball as he backs away, and he takes this from outside leg, and ramps this over short third. Actually this is not a ramp because he is not hitting this from down to up. He has has just cut this over short third. Flat six.
no run, on a length, middle and leg, headed to off, defended, but he won't get the single.
1 run, length outside off, once again the batsman can hit it only towards Steyn at long-off, takes the single this time.
no run, full ball, and he beats the batsman for pace, as he was shaping to drive this through the off side. Good end to the over for Ishant.
no run, backs away and chops a slider to cover.
1 run, short of a length outside off, opens the face and runs it down to third man.
no run, full and wide outside off. Forces the batsman to reach at it, and all he can do is drive it back to Sran.
2 runs, good length and sliding on outside off. Punched to long-on's right off the back foot.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
1 run, shortish and wide, carved away to deep cover for a run. Looking to hit the ball too hard.
SIX runs, nearly taken at long-on! Trent Boult has taken some outrageous catches but today he can only slap the turf in anger. Unrealistic to expect him to take this in the first place. the batsman mistimes the slog, not to the pitch. Gets it off the inside half. Boult sprints to his left at long-on and sticks out one hand. Can't hang on.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched back down the pitch.
no run, skiddy googly which the batsman squeezes back to the bowler.
no run, full on middle, whips it to midwicket.
1 run, around the wicket, length ball outside off, and thumped off the back foot to long on.
1 run, tossed up, angled in, and he plays this with the tide towards deep midwicket.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven uppishly to mid-off.
no run, slower ball on off, waits for it and defends.
1 run, good length on middle stump, gets forward and flicks to deep square.
1 run, short on middle, and going down leg side. But Suryakumar wants to get bat on ball, and therefore muscles it towards deep midwicket.
SIX runs, fullish on the pads and Dhawan lofts it straight down the ground. This is not great bowling and Dhawan has struck the sight screen here, looking in good touch after a while. Oh, replays show that was a wristy legbreak from the bowler.
1 run, short of a length outside off, steps out and slaps it to the bowler's right. He stretches out and parries it to long-on.
no run, length ball at off. Very slow. Look to sweep and cops this on the back the thigh.
1 run, works this past the diving midwicket fielder to get off the mark.
1 run, slower ball, fairly full on off stump. Clipped down to long-on.
no run, good length, draws him on the front foot to defend, which he does.
SIX runs, dragged over long-on. Full and outside off. Steps out and gets a little cramped, but manages to get the swing away. It's flat and to long-on's right.
no run, slow and dipping full toss, the batsman leans into a punch and Billings flings himself across at cover to make a brilliant save.
1 run, flicks uppishly, on the bounce to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, great placement and shot full ball on the fourth stump line, and he drives with an open face to place it to short third man's left and to the fence.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, too short, pulled in the gap, not with much power and four more! the batsman went down on a knee when he saw the short ball and hit that one right between long leg and deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, goes a touch fuller, but it's back-to-back boundaries as the batsman dismissively swings across the line off the front foot.
2 runs, cleverly works this down to long on, they hare back for the second. Very risky, you have to say. Thankfully a positive response from Pant.
no run, good length on off  stump, defended on the front foot.
no run, length on middle, clipped straight to midwicket.
SIX runs, and smashed over midwicket! 128 kph, a short delivery outside off, sits up for the batsman at that pace and walloped with the cross bat.
1 run, short of a good length, just outside off, chopped to third man.
FOUR runs, on a length on off, the batsman clears his front leg and whips it away to the midwicket boundary. Top timing from the batsman.
SIX runs, oh he gets the straight full toss that he can drop over the short leg-side boundary for a six. If this is not an attempted bluff, this is pretty poor from the bowler. Has to go wide yorkers.
no run, length ball angling away, defended gently into the off side.
no run, beaten by a ripping leg break! What a comeback. That turned sharply past the edge.
4 leg byes, five fours on the trot! This is leg-byes but bad lines by the bowler on the pads and the batsman wanted to tickle it fine, gets the pad and runs away to the fence anyway.
FOUR runs, full length, but ends up being a full toss down the leg side, and he flicks this away towards long leg. Beats the man at deep backward square leg with sheer timing.
no run, dropped at first slip! Good length on off and shapes away after pitching. the batsman tries to defend off the back foot but takes the outside edge of his bat. Straight to Watson, but he can't hold on.
1 run, length and just outside off. Drops it into the off side with soft hands.
no run, steps out too soon. Was already down the track and down leg side; and this short ball was shaped away from him. Could barely get a shot away.
1 run, good length on the fourth stump line, he stays in his crease and glides it to third man.
1 run, is that a run-out. Ah, no. the bowler loses the ball as he tries to guide it onto the stumps. So the batsman survives after a nudge into the covers and running a tad bit lazily.
1 run, full slower ball outside off. Driven off the low part of the bat to long-off.
FOUR runs, full on leg, and clipped away to square leg. Rashid gives up on the chance from short-fine leg.
1 wide, slips this down leg, wide and rightly so.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, backs away and digs it out towards wide mid-off.
1 run, flighted outside off, driven to long-off.
1 wide, short and wide outside off, but way too wide reckons the umpire.
1 run, full outside off, swept to deep square.
SIX runs, just clears deep midwicket. A new trend in the IPL, to keep your leg side boundary riders in a few yards. the batsman picks the slower ball that's dug in short and drags it over that man who has to pedal backwards.
no run, full on middle, pushed to midwicket.
1 run, chopped away to deep point.
1 wide, wide down the leg side. the batsman could have looked to hit for a six too, but he takes the wide.
2 runs, full, outside off, and turning away. He lifts a cover drive to deep extra cover.
1 run, darted in, some turn away, he gets a thick outside edge that runs safely to a gap behind point.
SIX runs, top edge on the hook but not a smart ball with the fine leg up. De Kock knows this bouncer is too high to control but he also knows there is no one back to catch this. He gets six off the top edge.
1 run, good length and just outside off, mistimed pull out to long-on.
1 wide, and he does that, and Mavi beats the batsman, and Karthik appeals only to see it has been called a wide. He reviews it immediately. The replay shows no edge, but the ball is only just wide of that guide line, and the batsman is standing outside his off stump. so slightly harsh on that wide call.
no run, full on off stump, but no real spin this time. Defended off the front foot.
OUT, the batsman checks his punch but the ball has carried all the way to Dhawan at sweeper cover. 143.3ks short ball outside off, sticks in the pitch, the batsman yanks his bottom hand off the bat, the ball springs off the bat and into the hands of Dhawan. He slaps his thigh in celebration. What a bizarre dismissal.
no run, skiddy. Good length on middle and leg, the batsman gets behind the line to block.
1 run, up and over off the back foot, and Raina is getting under it from cover, but he's dropped it! Chinna Thala fails to hold on. How rare is that? This was a short ball from Shardul, and Hardik tried to lift it over cover, but alas.
no run, yorker length at off stump, jammed back down the pitch.
no run, squeezes this full-length delivery to point.
1 run, low full toss outside off, shuffles and slugs along the floor to deep midwicket.
1 leg bye, skidding into the thigh, deflected behind square on the leg side.
no run, slower ball, dug in back of a length outside off. Past Rashid's attempted cut.
1 run, off a thick inside edge on the drive to deep midwicket. This one drifted in a long way.
no run, excellent comeback by the bowler, wide yorker, out of the batsman's reach and within the tram-lines. Riyan was moreover giving himself room so he had to really stretch out to try and get bat on that.
FOUR runs, disdainfully ends the boundary drought, and brings up his fifty. Dominant except the last two overs. Takes this length ball from outside off, plays with a straight back and then flicks it at the last moment to beat midwicket.
1 run, length outside off and spinning away, sweeps it behind square leg for a single, was a top-edge but safe.
1 run, length, and he punches this down to long on.
no run, good length and just outside off, drops it into the off side with soft hands and doesn't even shape to take off for a run.
FOUR runs, a half-pull half-scoop from the batsman, another short of length delivery, too quick for the batsman who was looking to pull initially but adjusts to send it over the keeper's head for four.
(no ball), front-foot no ball! Full and fast outside off stump, but the batsman misses the slog.
FOUR runs, length, and he cuts this towards point. Gets the outside edge, as he was shaping to slap this over covers. The edge takes it away towards the unprotected backward point fence.
FOUR runs, reverse sweeps it away!. And the funny thing is, there is no pace on this ball. It's loopy. And it's way outside off. It's meant to deny the batsman his power. But he backs himself. Goes for the unorthodox shot and pulls it off superbly.
1 run, fuller outside off, moves across and looks to smash it towards midwicket, doesn't get the timing right, only a single.
no run, flighted, slower at 93ks, defended back to him.
2 runs, full, down the leg side, and he sweeps. Gets it towards backward square leg, and because the fielder has some ground to cover, they come back for the second.
1 run, goes back in the crease and tucks a straight delivery into midwicket.
no run, length ball, just outside off, and the batsman tries to run this fine once again. But the ball goes past his outside edge to the keeper.
2 runs, not on control of this lofted hit down to long-off but he'll hare back for the second. Slower delivery from the bowler, the batsman looked to thump down the ground but didn't have the pace he would've liked.
1 run, this is a good yorker, but the batsman is good enough to hit this towards fine leg. But he finds short fine leg.
FOUR runs, slower length ball on the stumps, the batsman comes forward and slaps it towards deep midwicket for four more.
no run, arm ball on middle stump. Pitches full, and the batsman blocks off the back foot.
1 wide, now he misfires the yorker. Pushes it down leg side from around the wicket.
no run, length ball on the stumps, looks to flick it on the leg side, misses. An appeal for lbw but denied. the bowler was excited and Dhoni has decided to review it. Hits him near the knee roll. Pitched outside off, and spinning in to hit the batsman in front of middle but it was going over the stumps. CSK lose their review.
1 run, shortish, close to off stump, gets on the back foot to ease it to deep point.
FOUR runs, poor delivery again. It's full and wide outside off, right in the slot to loft the ball over cover. Iyer can't chase it down either. The length is not very good.
1 run, on a length, middle and off, legbreak, driven to long-off for one.
1 leg bye, corrects his line now, targeting middle and leg, Parthiv goes for the flick, misses the shot and so has to settle for a leg bye.
1 run, full outside off, drilled along the ground to long-off.
1 run, slower ball, full, on off stump, and he plays this down towards long on.
no run, gets lucky with this sort ball as the batsman is early into the pull, toe-ending this back to the bowler.
1 run, full at leg stump, driven down to long-on.
no run, forces this length ball to cover.
no run, carrom ball at a length on leg stump, looks for the flick, gets a leading edge to extra cover.
no run, shorter on middle, quicker one, skids through a little, pushed to midwicket.
no run, back of length outside off, gets on his toes and defends on the off side.
1 run, short of length around off and middle, the batsman goes back and pulls but fails to take advantage, one-bounce to deep midwicket,.
no run, good length outside off, defended into the covers off the back foot.
1 run, short and up at the throat. Feet off the ground again as he rides the bounce and drops this into the square leg region.
1 wide, wide as the bowler slides too far down leg in trying to deny him room.
FOUR runs, quicker one but strays on the pads and Riyan does superbly to just tickle it fine.
1 run, length, strays onto the pads, clipped away aerially towards fine-leg who is quite wide.
1 run, Dhawan ventures outside leg, Mavi bowls it on a back of a length outside off at 141ks, Dhawan jumps back in line with the stumps and jabs it away with an open face through the gap at point.
1 run, nearly a run-out. Short of a length, just outside off, he opens the face, but the point is in close. Pooran has to go back, but they will get the overthrow.
1 run, full and wide, carved to deep point. Timing is extraordinary.
1 run, chest-high short ball on middle stump, Parthiv brings out a pull and hits it hard to Willey at the long leg boundary.
FOUR runs, finds the gap to mid-off's left this time. Flat and quick, drilled away with immense power.
SIX runs, that extra ball has hurt Warrier. He bowls short and wide, and Sharma loves it, upper-cutting it over cover-point for a six. Warrier screams into his hand towel for having ruined what had been such a good first over.
no run, good length outside off, and spinning away from the batsman. Fended to point, but they're hesitant for the single.
SIX runs, the batsman clears long-off. Free-hit ball: back of a length legbreak outside off. the batsman stretches out and launches it for another six.
SIX runs, pumped over long-off. Strays a little too full. Rohit gets the front leg out and down the pitch. Keeps some swinging room and drills it straight.
no run, lunges forward and defends this full delivery with hard hnds.
2 runs, full outside off, looks to drive through the off side and gets a thick inside edge to long-on's right.
1 run, good length and angled into off stump. Defended into midwicket off the inside edge.
1 run, punched sweetly but into the stumps at the other end. Good length ball sliding in at the stumps, a disdainful drive through the line, splits the stumps.
1 run, dropped short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
no run, length, and he punches it to R Ashwin at extra cover.
FOUR runs, thick outside edge squeezes through from under Sandeep at short third man. Good length outside off, looks to drive on the rise and this edge loops on Sandeep who is stuck halfway between diving forward for the catch and going sideways to get his body behind to save the runs. By the end, he's not even down in time.
2 runs, hooks the short ball away and Shaw dives to his left from long leg to keep it in.
1 run, works this off his hip to deep square leg.
no run, the flipper. Short, but very quick. A thick inside edge into the pad, the batsman didn't quite pick the length of that.
1 run, a slower legcutter on off, worked to deep midwicket. Decent over for Mumbai.
1 run, full ball, and he has drilled this down the ground, but Harbhajan swiftly moves across to his right at mid off to keep the scoring down to one.
1 run, flighted on middle, and turning into him. Flicked off his pads to short fine leg, and there's his fifty! Third in a row for Jos.
1 run, fullish length outside off, driven away to sweeper cover.
1 wide, goes full and wide, bowls too wide.
1 run, length ball on off stump, tapped to point's right off the back foot.
OUT, caught by Pant! This is brilliant from the keeper! the batsman went to ramp a leg break over the keeper's head, he gets a top edge that goes onto the helmet and pops up onto the leg side, Pant races out and dives to complete another great catch! Delhi doing everything right in the field in the last few overs.
SIX runs, flighted on middle, but the batsman comes down the wicket, converts it into a full toss, and then thumps it over the bowler's head. Oh, delighful.
no run, yorker at middle stump, squeezed out to midwicket.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to long-off.
no run, googly spins away from leg stump, the batsman shapes to close the face but ends up defending into the off side.
nan
no run, length ball, stops on him, driven uppishly to mid-off.
FOUR runs, slower ball, short of a good length and across off stump. Shuffles deep in the crease and then gets the weight onto the front foot to pull this over mid-on.
no run, that's at top pace, at 132 kph, and it's dug into the middle of the pitch. the batsman thinks about flat-batting it, but it gains too much height. Zips past his nose.
no run, past the outside edge. Good length ball angled into the corridor and straightening after landing on the seam. Harshal looks to defend for the initial angle.
1 run, waits for this to swing, delays his swing, pushes it wide of midwicket for one.
SIX runs, An 18-ball fifty! The fastest fifty by a Rajasthan batsman EVER. It was a full toss outside off stump, and the batsman played the reverse sweep over third man's head.
2 runs, on-pace, into the pads, and he glances this fine of fine leg for two.
OUT, do we have a run-out here? Yes we do. Du Plessis refuses the single when it is Gaekwad's call. Bottom edge behind square, and that should be the non-striker's call. Faf takes a couple of steps and sends him back after he has come halfway up the wicket. Pant is quick, gets the glove off, slides, throws, Patel doesn't collect clean but still has time to recover and run him out.
1 run, yorker just outside off, mistimed drive to mid-off.
1 run, full-toss on the waist, worked away through square leg.
to Pandey, 1 run, offcutter, full at middle stump. Clipped to deep midwicket's left.
SIX runs, dragged over square leg! This is all hand and eye. Woof. Good length at middle stump, stands his ground and swings across the line to use the pace.
1 run, full and straight at 145kmh now, the batsman drives it uppishly down to long off.
1 run, not sure if this is a googly because it is so full it has no time to turn. Pushed straight of mid-off for a single.
1 run, full and at the stumps. Stretches out at that and clips to long-on.
1 run, good length outside off, chopped down to third man.
SIX runs, his batting is communicating to KXIP all right. the bowler gets into the slot again, and he smashes it over midwicket for six more. That's 20 for the over.
2 runs, good length outside off, sweet sweet timing on this cover drive on the rise. Dribbles to sweeper's right.
no run, dropped short and skidding onto his thigh as he gets back to try and pull this.
no run, and suddenly you can tell the extra pace when a length ball hits the bat high. Defended to leg.
OUT, straight through! It's the slider once more. Pitches on middle, and zips straight through. the batsman tries to work it towards the leg side, but he's played down the wrong line. Crashes into leg stump!.
no run, Dhawan looks to give him the charge, but the bowler still bowls a yorker. What an adjustment in length. Dug out back to the bowler, who makes him rush back. In fact if the bowler's throw is accurate, he gets Dhawan. He misses.
1 run, picks the googly, maybe on line. Short and wide, he goes back and pulls to deep midwicket.
1 run, shouts of catch it but ball lands safely. Full on off, and the batsman tries to hit this over long on. Ball hits the inside-half of his bat, and flies towards square leg instead.
1 run, good length outside off, punched to cover. Rana fumbles and they take a single.
1 run, overpitched wide outside off, and it's an attempted drive from the batsman. Comes off the bat's toe end but sneaks through between the umpire and non-striker. Man at long on, however.
SIX runs, full toss on leg stump! Oh boy. Two balls of straying away from the plan and it's costed 12. Backs away and swipes it over deep midwicket.
no run, short of a length again, cramped at chest height this time. Swats and makes connection this time, but it's straight to midwicket off the inside half of the bat.
SIX runs, full toss, and he has whipped this away towards long leg. And got it all the way for SIX!.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, digs it out towards long-on for one.
1 run, whipped over the infield, down to brother Hardik.
1 run, accurate length ball, and he steals the single after dropping this at his toes.
1 run, on a length, middle and leg, shaping away towards off. Runs this square on the off side for one.
FOUR runs, short on middle, just over the waist, swivels on the back foot and thumps a pull to the backward square leg boundary.
1 run, length ball, slides in on middle from over the wicket, worked into the leg side off the back foot.
FOUR runs, a full-pace short ball this time. Close to off stump and he looks to cut. Thick outside edge over short third man.
1 run, full and wide, and this might have been wide had he not got bat on it. Single to deep point.
no run, well bowled. Outfoxed the batsman there who was set to loft that straight. Had to check it and pat this good length ball back to the bowler.
1 run,  Rana puts down a straightforward offering at backward point!  The timing of his jump was off. Went with his palms facing upwards, and rightly so, but fluffed it. Rohit saw the width and looked to go over cover, sliced it and survives.
no run, starts with a ball angling across the batsman. Close to being called a wide, and the batsman has a stare at the umpire.
1 run, stays back now and works the length ball from off stump through midwicket.
FOUR runs, outside edge sprints past short third. Short of a length and sliding on in the corridor. Backed away and chucked his hands at that with the punch. Caught inside the line a little and that's his first boundary. Also RCB's first non-Finch boundary of the night.
2 runs, another yorker on leg stump, of course. Dug away towards midwicket, and no one's there in the deep. the bowler has to go racing behind it, and does well to keep it down to only two.
FOUR runs, short of a length, not much turn away from him, and the batsman directs a pull to deep fine leg as he shifts across and moves languidly.
FOUR runs, he's come out with a plan. the batsman walks down the track a touch, uses the shuffle across again and gets close to this length ball pushed wide. Thumps it on the up over mid-off.
1 run, good length outside off, 125kph, he heaves as hard as he can but just drags this along the ground to deep midwicket.
no run, full on leg stump, clipped to midwicket.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, smart shot. Short of a length, slight width, with third man up. And the batsman uses all his pace to guide him past that short third man.
1 run, works this down to long-on to bring up his 26-ball 50.  This is his fastest in IPL history .
1 run, good length on middle, and the batsman flat-bats it over the non-striker. Man at long off, but it lands just in front of him.
FOUR runs, back of a length and angling in at off stump, the batsman rolls his wrists, and pulls it away in the gap at square leg. First boundary after 21 balls for RCB.
no run, beaten. Short of a length and cutting away in the corridor. Looks to slash through cover but that climbs over the bat.
no run, slower ball on off, Rinku the batsman walks across to tuck it away towards squareleg, early into the stroke and struck on the thigh pad as the ball trickles back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, full on leg, and that's been beautifully clipped off his toes. Lifted over square leg, and fine leg can't cut it off. Uses his wrists to whip it over the infield. One-bounce and four.
1 run, short at leg stump, glanced down to fine leg.
no run, flat and straight, de Villiers drives back to the bowler. Well bowled again.
2 runs, good fielding by Livingstone, pleasant change from the standards Royals have maintained in the field today. Short of a length outside off and the batsman slapped it over extra cover, almost tennis ball style from shoulder height. Livingstone made good ground and parried the ball in to save the boundary.
1 run, short of a length on off stump, dropped into the covers with soft hands.
1 run, on a length, slight turn, de Villiers goes back to punch this to deep cover.
1 run, low full toss, but the batsman doesn't get enough on it. Just the single to mid-off.
1 run, full on off stump, clears his front leg and swipes it away to deep midwicket.
1 run, yorker, on the pads, dug out for one. So despite that boundary, just the seven off.
1 run, googly, short of a length on middle stump, gets deep and flicks to deep midwicket.
1 run, wide on the crease, short of a length, wide, punched away, but the diving cover-point keeps them down to one.
1 wide, wide down the leg side.
OUT, Faf, you absolute ripper! What a magical catch. the batsman doesn't read the legbreak properly, looks to go straighter but this turns to take the leading edge. Went high, really high, and Faf had to run it a good 20-25 yards from the long-off fence. Having done all the hard work, he then realised this will dip on him and so he puts in a full-stretch dive and gets his fingers completely underneath the ball as it descends. Stunning, absolutely stunning.
no run, good length outside off, and zipping straight through. Tries to cut but misses.
no run, looped up on middle, sticks in the surface, the batsman plays early and nearly spoons a leading edge back to the bowler.
no run, flatter on the stumps, fuller as well, the batsman defends it from the front foot.
FOUR runs, slower offcutter, the batsman plays at the very last moment, he deftly runs it away fine on the off side past the diving Kishan.
1 run, on a length, angling in, defended to leg.
no run, beaten. Slower short ball again and he's through the cut too soon.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and he rocks back to flat-bat a shot down the ground to long on.
1 run, another slower ball, full outside off, driven to long-off.
no run, beaten. Arm  ball in the corridor, was looking for the cut.
FOUR runs, oh nearly a yorker, but the batsman gets inside its line and manages to play it towards short fine where an awkward bounce draws four runs from Narine.
1 run, and nearly a wicket first ball. Length ball, into the pads, 140ks, the batsman early into closing the face, but the leading edge clears the bowler.
1 run, back of a length on leg stump, the batsman deflects it to fine leg.
FOUR runs, fortune favours the brave. Bouncer, but just down the leg side, and the batsman knows now half measures. It goes off the glove but there is enough in it to clear the keeper.
2 runs, nicely hit. Slow outside off, chipped away over cover for a couple. Very neatly played.
2 runs, googly, pushed flat and across off stump. the batsman gets behind it and thumps it hard to long-on's right. Mavi does superbly to get down and behind that.
OUT, a full toss on the leg stump, comes down the track and looks to clear long-on, but gets too close to the ball, and Rahul takes an easy catch at long-on.
no run, excellent comeback! the batsman didn't pick that googly at all, beaten.
2 runs, poor line from the bowler, offering up a very friendly length delivery down the leg side. But some nifty tag-team fielding at the boundary's edge saves runs.
no run, the batsman slinks away outside leg, shorter on middle, bounces over the bat.
1 run, slower ball outside off, steered to third-man.
1 run, dragged down outside off, the batsman rocks back and hauls a pull to wide long-on.
FOUR runs, way too short, the batsman walks down and then pulls this straight down the ground, the long-on is pretty wide and he smashes it for four.
1 run, slightly slower and full on middle and leg, chips it bit in the air and down to long on.
1 wide, starts with a wide length ball, and this seams to have gone away off the seam. Called wide.
no run, length on off, no room for the batsman, pushed back to the bowler.
no run, short and just outside off, punched to mid-off's left.
no run, through with this short-arm jab early, may have got a thin edge that Saha muffed.
2 runs, full, swinging in, clipped off the toes, forward of deep square leg. Samad runs to his right and puts in a dive to save two runs.
FOUR runs, back of a length outside off, 138 kph. A thick outside edge flies down to the third man boundary. He did attempt to open the face, but was that intentional? Don't think so.
SIX runs, swatted down the ground given room to free his arms outside off and he smashes it with a horizontal bat straight back.
1 run, straighter, tucked off the pads into midwicket.
FOUR runs, slower ball outside off, and the cut's been slapped away! Enough room for the big man to finally free his arms, and that's been drilled to the sweeper cover boundary.
SIX runs, whips it over the square leg boundary! Oh what a shot! He hit one like this against KKR last season and repeats it. Step back into the crease, weight transfer towards point as this yorker full ball comes in at middle stump, and he uses the pace to clip it with fast wrists to seal the win with six balls to spare.
1 wide, short and wide outside off, beaten on the cut. Pooran appeals for catch behind and is met with a wide call.
1 run, googly short and wide outside off, cut straight to backward poiint whose wayward throw gives them a run at midwicket. The batsmen weren't even looking for a run. Unadkat the fielder.
OUT, Dhoni finally hits the stumps! Off the innings' final ball, heh. Shardul goes short on middle, and the batsman misses the pull. They're off for a bye, but Dhoni finally finds his aim. Sunrisers end on 139 for 7.
1 run, length ball on off, he waits for it and pushes between cover and point.
1 run, length outside off, swishes at it, thick edge down to third man.
1 run, inside on the full toss and it's onto his pads. He's feeling sorry for himself for missing out even as Parag calls him through and sneaks a run pitch side.
1 run, tossed outside off, the batsman ventures down the track, gets close to the pitch, and belts it past the left hand of the bowler. Relays suggest the bowler just finger-tipped it away. Only a harsh man will call it a drop. the bowler, in fact, saved three for his side.
no run, leading edge falls safe! He wanted to tuck it to leg but played the shot early the thick outside edge went into the off side, but many yards short of mid off.
2 runs, length ball, wide outside off, and he slices a cut down to deep point. But Imran Tahir slides across the ground, and dives across it to save a four. Gets an applause from fellow senior statesman Shane Watson.
FOUR runs, punched through the infield! Textbook stuff from the batsman. Good length on off, and punched off the back foot between cover and cover point.
1 run, short of a length, he goes for the pull from a crouched position, comes off the splice but falls short of deep midwicket. Kings XI probably won't mind he's kept the strike.
no run, digs this in short, in front of his face, and Mann fends this down towards midwicket.
1 run, no point of that fielder if Shardul's going to bang it in. Pulled again  but Rohit gets this high on the bat, on the bounce to Harbhajan at deep square leg.
no run, on a length, around off, slight nip off the surface, hits him on the pad.
1 run, down the wicket, Harshal bowls the slower one, pushed to deep midwicket for one.
no run, full on off stump, driven back to the bowler off the front foot.
OUT, Axar has been pinned in front. Umpire Ravi raises his finger almost immediately. Full and angled in from over the wicket, Axar is caught on the crease. He plays around his front pad and is struck on it below the knee-roll. It would crash into leg stump. Axar walks off.
1 run, carbon copy, and this time it's a more composed stop from Sodhi. Length ball outside off once again, and DK uses his wrists to open his bat's face late.
OUT, taken at deep midwicket. the batsman picks the knuckle ball, but this length ball is too far outside off for the slog sweep he plays eventually. Ends up slicing it and Jadeja has an easy one. This is a good innings from the batsman, he has put the momentum back in RCB's favour.
1 wide, good length and down leg side, can't connect on the flick.
OUT, he's gloved this down leg, so the move hasn't worked. the batsman swivels back to pull but is cramped for room as the ball angles back in, faint little edge through to Parthiv. Fourth duck of the season for Jofra.
SIX runs, there is no justice on this ground for bowlers. He seems to have beaten the batsman in flight by bowling wide outside off, but the batsman doesn't panic. He keeps his shape, and goes inside-out with the loft to clear wide long-off. Off the toe end.
1 run, works this wide of midwicket as he jogs the single.
2 runs, short of a length, into the body, tucked away into a hole on the leg side, the bigger boundary.
no run, was that a chance? Too close for the cut, spins back in and it looked like he got an edge but the keeper couldn't hang on. Nothing going RCB's way.
no run, short ball has him in trouble but it doesn't carry to short third man. the batsman is off his feet trying to ride the bounce as this follows him. He fends at it, but can't quite control it.
1 run, full on the pads, clipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, length ball and in at leg stump. Dabbed through square leg with soft hands.
SIX runs, in the slot, and the batsman won't need second invitations. Over long-off he goes. RR have six bowlers. Did they need to continue bowling the bowler?.
1 run, short of a length and into the pads, caressed down to fine leg with a pull.
1 run, legbreak, on a length, middle and leg, punched down to long-off.
1 run, full on off stump, driven down the turf to long-off.
no run, slower ball, nearly a yorker on off stump. Worked off the bat's toe-end to midwicket.
1 run, rocks back and pulls this straight to Chawla at deep square leg.
1 run, short of a length at off stump, pulled to long-on's left.
FOUR runs, pulled with disdain! Back of a length outside off, and DK picks the slower ball early. Thumps it to the cow-corner boundary thereafter. Flat, and one bounce four.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket's left.
1 run, full and wide outside off, Rohit sticks his bat out and jams this shot to backward point. He wants a risky single, and Lewis would've been gone if Mandeep had connected with the direct hit!.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to fine leg.
no run, sees lots of flight and advances down the ground but ends up yorking himself as the ball dies on him, and squeezes it out back to the bowler.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, punched towards extra-cover, and then takes off for the quick single. Rahane moved quickly to the ball, but he took a touch too long to turn and aim at the bowler's end, and the batsman would have made it home even if he had hit the stumps.
FOUR runs, carved between point and short third. More and more teams are now putting a sweeper out and having third man inside. Short of a good length from the bowler and quite wide outside off. Rohit allows that on and picks up some easy runs.
SIX runs, just over deep midwicket. High full toss swerving in at middle stump. On the front foot again and with swinging room. Comes off the high part of the bat but there's enough pace on that.
no run, short and wide outside off, chopped to cover point.
1 run, length outside off, driven on the up to sweeper.
no run, wrong'un first up, on a length, punched to midwicket.
1 run, driven down to long-off.
no run, nice looking steer to a fuller one outside off but he can't beat point.
FOUR runs, shapes to pull but top-edges it to beat short third man. Raises the 50 stand.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched to extra cover.
SIX runs, the batsman keeps doing what DC keep doing. This is T20. This is Sharjah. Don't worry too much. Keep hitting. He was beaten three balls ago, but he lofts this over long-off. Beaten in the flight, but still goes through with the shot.
no run, short of a length and in at middle stump. Cramped and forced to defend down the pitch.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length outside off. Pulls to deep square.
1 run, fuller on the pads, pushed towards long-on.
1 run, good length outside off, punched to sweeper with the turn.
1 wide, fuller outside off, the batsman was coming down the track but it's a touch too wide, let's it go.
FOUR runs, what a way to start! Full and straight, the batsman just leans into a perfect on drive. Won't see better.
FOUR runs, swept from outside off, picks the gap at deep square leg.  Half-century for the captain and what a time to do so.  Brave. Shardul went full, Rohit could've used the pace to go behind point but preferred the leg side because he was well aware.
1 run, flatter one on middle and leg, he works this wide of midwicket for an easy single.
1 wide, slider, dropped short and pushed wide outside off. Left alone.
no run, back of a length and outside off, left alone.
SIX runs, pummeled over long-on and the equation is under run-a-ball now. Good length and sliding on outside off, down on one knee and drilled on the rise.
no run, a slower delivery around middle and leg, gets some cut on his offcutter. A thick outside edge down to short third man.
FOUR runs, length outside off, Rohit clears his front leg and smashes it hard, beats the mid-off fielder on his right for a four.
no run, denied width, bunts this straight to cover.
FOUR runs, outside off, there's some width and the batsman cuts it a bit late and with hard hands as it kept low to beat backward point for four.
2 runs, short of a length, pitching outside leg, tucked off the pads to midwicket.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, punched along the floor to long-on.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended to backward point.
1 run, and that is some tone. Hits him high on the bat with a quick length ball. the batsman takes the bottom hand off to keep this down. Get a single to cover.
1 run, full just outside off, but the batsman goes down on one knee to sweep. Drags the shot to deep backward square.
1 wide, the bowler starts with a flat ball down the leg side, goes for a wide.
2 runs, shortish outside off, cuts it to the left of backward point, and Axar makes a good diving stop but concedes overthrows once more with another unnecessary throw, this time to the striker's end with the keeper nowhere near the stumps.
1 run, just fuller than length outside off, shaw whips it to long-on.
1 run, slants one full, the batsman gets a thick inside edge on the drive to midwicket.
1 run, too short. Outside off, and the batsman drags his pull to cow corner.
no run, inside edge onto pad. In the slot, just outside off. Was through that slog a little early.
2 runs, short, wide, and he plays this inside out, in the air but safe. They pick up two as extra cover runs around to clean up.
no run, floated up, stump to stump, patted back to the bowler.
SIX runs, short ball and the batsman bludgeons this off the backfoot, hitting it as hard as anything all tournament, pulled over deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, back of a length on off, and the batsman pulls this fine! Shuffles across to the off side, and whips this behind square.
1 run, hits the hard lengths by bowling on middle, tucked to deep midwicket.
no run, good length on off stump, and at high pace too, Rohit defends now that he doesn't have too much room to work with.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched to deep cover. Good way to protect a good over. Bowl short of a length, and don't give them room.
no run, again that skiddy pace, angling into off stump and straightening slightly. Stays back to punch to mid-off.
FOUR runs, super shot. Back of a length, angling away from off stump, gives him just enough width to slash it away over backward point and easily beat third man to his left.
no run, on a length, slightly wider, driven on the up, but straight to cover-point.
no run, full delivery outside off, driven to cover.
2 runs, short of a length on off stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 wide, slower ball and down the leg side, called wide.
no run, once again gets besides the line of this delivery to steer to point.
1 run, length at off stump, drops it pitch side with soft hands and steals the run from Stokes.
no run, looks for the reverse scoop, but Bhuvi bowls the most delicious yorker, the ball going right through his legs and, unfortunately for SRH, missing leg stump.
1 run, short and just outside off, punched to point's right.
1 run, steps out and works this indrifter down to deep midwicket.
no run, full outside off, driven from the crease but he can't beat extra cover.
no run, shortish, stands tall in the crease and punches away to cover.
1 run, looks for the pull, but the ball skids off the pitch and does not give him enough time to hit properly. Single to long-on.
no run, starts with a reverse sweep which the bowler spots and fires the ball flat and quick down the off side (which is now the leg side for the switched-up the batsman).
FOUR runs, back of a length and outside off, the ball flies off the batsman's bat. He flat-bats it fiercely past the right of sweeper cover. Regal shot.
SIX runs, what a shot! Full outside off and he hits on the rise, driving it over extra cover and straight over the boundary too.
2 runs, gets away with this. Short of a length, into the body, handcuffs him with the angle. the batsman throws his bat at it, and manages to clear midwicket with this aerial hit.
no run, down the track and Axar fires it in at his pads. Clipped to midwicket.
FOUR runs, past backward point! the bowler with the trademark floater outside off. It's dropped short though. the batsman is pristine tonight. Perfect weight transfer and timing on the back foot.
SIX runs, more brawn from the batsman. Another bottom-handed jab as the bowler overcompensates and bowls it fuller outside his off-stump. Smashed over long-on.
1 run, slower ball at a length outside off. Backs away and looks to lift this over extra cover. Ends up slicing off the toe-end to sweeper cover.
1 run, full and wide, driven to deep cover for one.
no run, back of a length outside off, and punched off the back foot to cover. Starts the over with two dot balls.
1 run, smart to see the over off without any risks. Outside off, and flicked off his pads to the square-leg fielder.
no run, full and curving in from wide outside off. Looks for the booming cover drive but it's off the inside of the bat.
1 run, into the pads, worked away to leg for one.
2 runs, yorker outside off, shuffles and chops to third deep backward point.
1 run, slower ball at a length down leg side, steps out and gets a leading edge towards deep square as he looks to pull.
1 run, goes back to punch a length ball to deep midwicket for one.
FOUR runs, masterly batting by the batsman. Moving around the crease to hit a young bowler off his plans. Shuffles across, then makes room, and whips a straight short-of-a-length ball through square leg for four.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, steered to third man off the back foot.
FOUR runs, sliced to the point boundary. Short of a length and honing in at him, but he has quick hands on this occasion and chops from inside the line. With that pace, it is into the padding rapidly.
1 run, back of length on the stumps, cramping the batsman who pushes it towards long-on.
no run, Sharma looks to make room, but the bowler follows him, drawing a defensive shot back.
1 run, full, pushed into the pads, sweeps to deep square leg.
2 runs, cut away very nicely, into the gap between backward point and short third man. Couple for the batsman.
1 run, darted in on off, tapped to cover off the back foot.
FOUR runs, finds the gap Super innovative. Back of a length outside off, but the batsman waits for the ball to come to him, before slicing an uppish drive over point. Except, it takes the bat's edge, and goes between backward point and short third man.
1 run, short on middle, and angling across the batsman. Tries to muscle this cut behind square, but mistimes it instead. Through to the man in the deep.
no run, fuller on off he pushes a drive to mid off.
no run, length around off, down the track and hits it towards extra cover, Kohli makes the stop.
1 run, some turn from short of a length, worked to leg.
1 run, length at off stump. Stab on the up towards mid-off. Yes-no-yes-no. Sprint. Scramble. Safe.
no run, cramped for room, bunts this length delivery to cover.
FOUR runs, past short fine. Length on leg stump, step into the leg side and whipped between keeper and that fielder.
3 runs, full outside off, steps out and chips this wide of mid-off.
no run, it's the legbreak! Good length outside off, but turning away from the batsman. He tried to defend it towards cover, but completely misread the turn. Well taken by the keeper.
1 run, length and slow at leg stump, leans in and chips to long-on.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, runs this one straight to third man for one.
no run, excellent bowling again, targeting the top of off, and also getting it to straighten enough to keep Shreyas to a block to point. Wraps up his spell 4-0-20-1.
2 runs, full and sliding into the pads, chipped over midwicket off the front foot for a couple of runs.
no run, short googly, the batsman picks it and whips off the back foot to short midwicket.
1 leg bye, length on the pads, the batsman can't whips it away to the leg side, takes it on the body, but comes through for a quick single.
FOUR runs, gets this yorker nearly right. Just about six inches short of the mark. the batsmana looks to go over cover with an open face, and gets a thick outside edge over short third man for four.
no run, full on off stump, mistimed tap back to the bowler.
1 run, the batsman uses his feet, the bowler pulls his length back on middle, dragged away to long-on.
no run, length on off, turn and bounce, de Villiers tries to go leg side and nearly gets a leading edge back to the bowler.
1 run, a shorter, slower delivery on middle. the batsman helps that along towards fine leg. Avesh runs to his right and keeps the batsmen down to one, fine effort.
no run, good length outside off, turn again. Some tricks from AB, who parried the ball to Moeen even as he was sliding to stop it at mid-off.
1 run, full on middle and leg, and the batsman clips it off his toes to square leg. Easily negated.
no run, out of the way quickly. A bouncer slanted in at his throat and the batsman is hopping to get out of the way. A customary air-ramp to make it look more convincing. He misses.
no run, tries to sweep again but gets an edge back to the bowler.
1 bye, slides in, Faf sweeps and misses.
2 runs, a yorker on the leg stump but the batsman manages to dig it out towards deep square leg for a couple.
SIX runs, slower ball, spotted and picked up towards deep squareleg, the fielder nearly pulls off a blinder there but parries it over.
1 run, slower ball on leg stump, he just works this with ease to the gap at midwicket.
FOUR runs, short of a length, gentle pace, outside off, almost gently pushed for four through cover. All timing.
1 wide, good length and very wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, good length and into leg stump. Flicked to fine leg's left.
no run, short of a length straight, defended.
no run, sharp turn! Length ball on off, but sharply turning into the batsman. Misses the whip off his hips, and the ball hits his waist.
SIX runs, gets under that and sends the ball very very high. Does not quite get the distance. Maxwell circles under the ball,  but he too can't haul the ball back in as he steps over the boundary at long-on.
2 runs, carrom ball? Short of a length, turning the other way, runs away off the thick outside edge. Clears point.
no run, absolutely creams the drive but straight to cover.
FOUR runs, length ball, wide outside off, and cut square to the point boundary! Fielder from third man can't intercept.
2 runs, length around off, the batsman stays back and punches it towards deep extra cover for a couple.
SIX runs, anticipates the slower ball going across him and shuffles right into the off side. Mitch drops this cutter shorter than the others. This means the batsman's momentum moving backwards can be used to spring at the ball as it climbs up at his hips. He duly lofts it over deep backward square.
1 leg bye, wrong'un, starts within the stumps, goes for one leg-bye.
no run, on the body as he takes the pace off this. Grips in the surface just outside off as he looks to flick and it's deflected to the keeper. Looked to come off the glove.
FOUR runs, ooh, that's good stuff. He plays the line - which is wide outside off - and unleashes a reverse sweep. With third man up inside the circle, it's an easy boundary.
2 runs, full outside off, driven with the turn to long-off's right.
FOUR runs, nicely done. Been a neat little innings of class from Faf tonight. Short ball down leg side. Allows it to skid on and helps it past short fine with a pull.
2 runs, gets down on one knee to a length ball and whips it away to fine leg with a flat bat.
no run, nice little drive. Just a gentle push off the frontfoot to extra cover.
1 run, length ball into the pads, clipped into the square leg region.
no run, quick legcutter, on a length, outside off, the batsman stays back, looking for one to cover, gets an inside edge onto the boot.
1 run, short of a length at middle, pulled to deep midwicket.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, it's all in the head. He premeditated that. He stayed low, got his pad outside the line in case he missed it and reverse-paddled that past slip.
1 run, tosses it up on middle, the batsman knocks it gently to long-on.
SIX runs, oh what a shot! the batsman has generated an unbelievable amount of power for a straight-batted shot to clear the extra cover boundary. Very full and just outside off and this is so smooth - a clean lift to clear the ground.
1 run, on a length, straight, pushed towards mid-on for one.
FOUR runs, tries the yorker, I think, but it is down leg anyway, and he glances this fine of short fine leg for four.
SIX runs, carved over deep extra cover. Overpitched outside off, hangs deep in the crease and stays leg side of that. Front leg hanging in the air as it gets into the leg side too. And then he just opens the face at the perfect moment.
1 run, flat on middle, worked into the gap at long-on. Roy wants two but he's rightly sent back.
no run, back of a length, but slow once again. Taps it towards cover off the back foot.
no run, goes back into the crease and defends back to the bowler.
1 run, slower ball on middle, pushed to mid-on.
1 run, outside off again, back of a length and pace off the ball, inside-edged into the pads and they steal the single.
1 run, short of a length, no room, and the best he can do is run this down to third man for one.
1 run, full and flat on middle and leg, flicked between long-on and deep midwicket.
1 run, punches this length ball to deep point.
no run, good length on middle, pushes it down the pitch. the batsman is a senior player in bad form. If ever there was a time to come good .
FOUR runs, full and into the pads, stays upright and flicks this aerially and to short fine's left.
no run, tossed up on middle, he steps forward and defends.
1 run, good length at middle stump, shuffles and stabs it into vacant midwicket.
FOUR runs, length ball down the leg side, the batsman swipes it behind square for four.
no run, De Kock clears his front leg, backs away outside leg, this is fuller and nipping away outside off. De Kock throws his bat at the ball but does not make contact.
no run, back of a length on off, cuts away slightly and finds the outside part of the batsman's bat as he blocks.
no run, on a length, middle and off, pushed to extra cover.
no run, length on middle, pushed straight to midwicket.
no run, short of a length, straight, punched towards mid-off.
FOUR runs, 4, 4, 4. Wide full ball, and this time he throws his bat at it knowing the field restrictions. Over point he goes.
2 runs, prods outside the line, gets a thick inside edge towards deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, short and wide, that's too much room, and the batsman carves it away through the vacant third man region.
FOUR runs, fullish length, flicked off the pads, just a pick-up shot over midwicket.
1 run, some flight on middle again. the batsman is waiting to read the ball off the pitch, does and pushes to long-on.
2 runs, too much drift into the pads, wrists this into the gap at deep midwicket.
OUT, picks out deep square! Once again, the batsman struggles to get on top of a short ball. He's shadow-practicing rolling the bat over it as he walks off, but was nowhere near in position to do that as this short one skidded in towards his underarm. Got it off the high part of the bat and Karn Sharma snaps up a simple one.
OUT, gets more elevation than distance, Piyush Chawla running in from sweeper cover takes an excellent catch! Yusuf looked to go over long-off, sliced it. That said the ball was swirling, curved away late even as Chawla misjudged it as it descended. Somehow managed to stay low and complete it despite this being away from his body.
no run, seam? On a length, 140ks, on off, and beats his attempt to drive. Yes there is some seam movement there.
1 run, dropped at slip Dhawan is standing a bit wide there, diving low to his left, gets one hand to it but the ball bursts through. Good stuff again from Ishant, bowling it short and bringing the natural variation from the pitch into play. In this case, it was some seam movement away from the batsman who tries to defend.
1 run, low full toss, and the batsman plays this towards wide long on. It was an attempted slower ball.
no run, length ball outside off, drives at it with feet static, gets a thickish inside edge that rolls towards forward short leg.
1 run, short of a length, hurries him again, and this time he gets the single to leg.
1 run, full on the pads, clipped to midwicket for one.
no run, full on off stump, and the sweep takes a top edge. Falls in front of the batsman even before Pant could think about taking the catch.
1 run, slightly quicker, outside off, punched to deep cover.
2 runs, just clears point. Full ball pushed across the corridor, steps out for the drive and opens the face to try and reach it.
1 run, quicker, flatter bunts this into the leg side.
2 runs, overpitches, the batsman likes it, drives it with an open face. The man at extra cover gets a hand to it.
FOUR runs, he over-compensates, goes too short, and gives him width too. Cut over point for four. Deliberately up and over.
1 run, length at off, driven to long-off.
1 wide, Keemo needs to get his line sorted. Another one well down leg side and another wide.
2 runs, good length on middle stump. Washington stays on the back foot, and works it to deep midwicket for a couple.
1 run, advances down the ground and the bowler shortens his length, punched away to long-on.
1 run, slower ball, he sits back and slaps this along the ground to long on.
1 run, driven to mid off for a quick single.
no run, Rashid ends an excellent first over with another dot, the batsman setting himself for a thwack into the leg side but picking out the fielder at midwicket, inside the circle.
no run, short of a length and at off stump, defended down the pitch.
2 runs, good length on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, length, on off stump, and he punches this down towards mid off.
no run, almost in the block hole, he digs it out back to the bowler.
1 run, squeezes this length ball towards point, the batsman is on a mission to not just hit boundaries but pinch ones and twos as well.
no run, darted flat on off, stabbed away to midwicket. Dhoni wants the single, the batsman denies it, Dhoni hares back and makes it.
1 run, short, and he swings this away towards deep midwicket, but it bounces ahead of the fielder there.
SIX runs, low full toss on middle stump, weight onto his back leg for a strong base and nice clean slog over wide long-on.
no run, sharp turn from length outside off, defended back.
2 runs, full, angling across towards off stump, punched to the left of long-off.
2 runs, length again, on the hips, the batsman flicks it uppishly towards the right of deep midwicket, this time they get the second run.
OUT, neat catch by Guptill at first slip! Length ball in the channel, around fifth stump, de Villiers pushes at it but extra bounce means he gets a healthy outside edge, Guptill latches on to the ball with both hands as it was flying to his right.
1 run, full and wide outside off, and the batsman takes a step towards the off-side and slaps it to the man in the deep.
2 runs, short and just outside off, punched to long-off's right.
1 run, short outside off, and chopped on to third man for a walking single.
no run, googly, short of a length and cramping him on the back foot punch which rolls back down the pitch feebly.
SIX runs, rank half-tracker on the leg stump, the batsman pounces onto it and smacks it flat and hard over deep square leg.
1 run, works this down to long-on for an easy single.
SIX runs, clears deep square! The the batsman finish! Short ball at leg stump, swivels and pulls from underneath it. Out at the boundary, Dhawan is underneath it as it teases him first and then clears his head.
1 run, short, angling across into a fifth-stump line, pulled to wide long-on.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended into the covers.
1 leg bye, length ball at off, steps out and looks to go cross-batted. Gets a deflection into the leg side off this pad.
1 wide, almost another run-out. Royal Challengers trying hard to get bowled out. A full toss - wide down leg side. He's got a free run but he's skipping outside the crease for some reason. Dhoni misses both the stumps and the batsman narrowly with his throw.
OUT, and the batsman is forced to take on the big side of the boundary for some impetus. He has no choice with Kohli setting himself up Dhoni style for the back end. Axar cramps him up with a low full toss. Perhaps a yorker but the batsman has turned this into a fullie by jumping out of the crase. Hits it only as far as deep midwicket.
1 run, backs away to hit this to deep cover for one.
no run, beaten off a full toss. Went to blast this through cover, played too early.
OUT, got him short ball and the batsman was down the track, got a bit cramped for room but went for the pull anyway. Didn't get any timing at all, and pops it straight to square leg. What a day Hardik is having.
nan
1 run, drifts in, pitches and spins away from middle, defended with soft hands.
1 run, on a length, into the pads, worked to leg for one.
no run, wide length ball, driven on the up, but straight to mid-off.
no run, googly, spins back in on a fourth-stump line, hastily chopped to backward point off the back foot.
1 run, yorker, slides down, the batsman tickles this fine, but the fine leg is fine, which is where it should be when you are looking to bowl yorkers.
SIX runs, glorious! This is batsman in full control. Steps out, gets to the pitch of this good length ball outside off and then opens his body to send this over wide long-off. Imperious.
SIX runs, now the batsman's joining in! Picks the slower ball nice and early, and DK slogs this over long on with disdain! Nineteen off the 17th over.
no run, goes deep in his crease and tries to jab it through point but gets the bottom edge and rolls down the pitch.
1 run, low full toss at middle, mistimed drive to long-on.
SIX runs, gets to the pitch, doesn't get too close, but gets underneath. Enough of getting. He then executes. Drilled over the bowler's head for six. Straight. Superb hit.
no run, nice and full outside off, defended back.
1 run, good length and onto leg stump, whipped to deep midwicket's left.
no run, excellent yorker, somehow he manages to dig this out.
1 run, length at off stump, driven to long-off.
1 run, the bowler stays wide, driven to deep cover for one.
OUT, Rashid, you beauty. But the credit for the wicket should go to Hooda. the batsman looks to clobber this over long-on, hits it flat and it's still destined for a six until Hooda runs around to his right, slides and then pouches this safely. Outstanding catch!.
no run, on a length, 142ks, just outside off, hits him high on the bat as he defends.
FOUR runs, pulled to deep square's left and just enough to beat Nagarkoti. Short ball up at middle stump, pulls off the front foot and high into the leg side. Bounces despairingly to Nagarkoti's left and his attempted scoop back in isn't successful.
1 run, works this full delivery on middle to mid on for a quick single.
FOUR runs, short of a length, gentle pace of 124ks, and I don;t even think this is a slower ball. Punched away through covers.
no run, short of a length outside off, driven on the up. Uppishly to extra cover.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length in the corridor. Waits on it and nudges it down to third man.
2 runs, length ball, on middle, and worked off his pads to deep backward square.
no run, on a length, wide, he stays leg side of it, and plays it to cover.
1 run, slower short ball down leg side, pulled out to deep backward square.
1 run, low full-toss on off, whipped to deep square leg.
no run, beaten by the wrong'un. Played at it with hard hands, spun to beat the edge. Tentative prod that.
1 run, slower through the air on leg stump, worked through square leg for one more.
no run, length, and he plays it back towards Axar.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, cut away to deep cover.
OUT, the bowler draws an outside edge, Raina snaffles it at slip. Drifts in from around the wicket, turns and bounces. the batsman simply wafts and edges it, the ball bounces out of Dhoni's gloves but into the hands of Raina. CSK's spinners hit back with two wickets in two overs.
no run, good length and sliding on with the arm. the batsman looks to punch through the covers for the one that turns. It slides into midwicket off the inside half.
no run, short ball slanted across the corridor, stays inside the line and lets it go.
no run, just short of a good length and angling in from over the wicket, punched back to the right of the bowler.
1 run, yorker length at leg stump, jabbed to long-on's left off the front foot.
1 wide, length and down the leg side to the left-hander this time. Another wide.
no run, leading edge, but safe. Closed the bat face early in trying to work this to the leg side.
no run, good length outside off, and he almost chops onto his stumps! Too close to his body for the cut.
1 run, good length and turning away from middle. Gets an inside edge on the attempted sweep that trickles into the leg side.
1 run, steps out and punches this length ball to long off.
FOUR runs, slower ball outside off, the batsman has to reach for it as it is wider,  toe-ends it a little but manages to clear extra cover for another boundary.
no run, shorter this time, at him, and the batsman drops his wrists under it.
2 runs, pitched up outside off, pushes away from the body and gets it away off the outside part of the bat to backward point.
1 wide, the batsman down the wicket again, and this is a wide down the leg side.
FOUR runs, full-toss on the leg stump, clears his front leg and hoicks it away to the left of Karun Nair at deep midwicket.
no run, brilliant stop by Raina at mid-off as the batsman slaps this off the backfoot and Raina dives to his left to intercept it.
no run, pretty straight, some turn immediately. More overspin. Pushed back to him.
FOUR runs, over the top! He gets a delicious half-volley as reward for the last shot and tucks in with a loft over cover. Oh, this man is going to spoil batting fans for years to come.
1 run, floated up on the stumps, driven to long-off.
no run, corrects the line. On a length, quick, on off, defended.
1 run, slower offcutter, 114ks, the batsman adjusts and pushes this to sweeper cover for one.
no run, goes wide yorker, bowls a low wide full toss, but the batsman gets only the toe end.
no run, put down!  This was drilled straight back to the bowler, bobbled out of the bowler's hand on the followthrough.
OUT, taken at deep midwicket! Andre Russell holds on to end a manic, outlandish, outrageous little big knock from Hardik the batsman. Make no mistake, it was an innings of pure genius. But the bowler's slower ball does him this time. He slices the attempted pull and it is taken calmly at the line.
no run, short, knuckle ball, and he lobs it towards point. No run!.
1 run, length at the stumps, nudged to deep midwicket.
no run, oh so close! What a delivery. Drift, flight, dip at off stump. the batsman backs into the off side and looks to swipe over the infield. It fizzes past off stump as he misses.
1 run, shortish delivery, pulled to Jadeja on the bounce at deep midwicket.
1 run, advances down the ground and whips a full toss to deep square leg.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and Curran lifts this off the back foot. Played over cover, but there's someone in the deep.
1 run, flat and quick on middle, pushed to deep midwicket.
no run, almost caught and bowled! But drops just short of the bowler. It's back of a length on off, and the ball comes off the bat's top half. Lobs into the air, but falls before the bowler could recover.
no run, length outside off, goes for the cut but Suryakumar dives to his right to prevent any runs.
no run, full slower ball on off stump, forced to defend into the covers.
OUT, held at extra cover. the bowler with the offcutter. Short of a length in the corridor. Makes room and tries to slap it over mid-off. Decent plan. But a better one from the bowler. No pace on it, gets it off the toe-end. Uthappa pedals backwards and takes it just past the edge of the circle.
no run, good length and curve away from middle stump. Defended into the covers.
no run, bowls this full and wide, inside the wide line though as the batsman leaves.
no run, short of a good length, skidding onto the pad as he looks to glance.
no run, length, angles across the batsman, who plays this towards point.
FOUR runs, oh that is some hitting. Another good ball. Wide and short of a length, and off pace, but he has hit it down the ground with such power that long-off can't get around even though he has only a little distance to move.
2 runs, good length outside off, half a stride forward to punch to sweeper's right.
OUT, and the batsman's scratchy innings ends. Cross-seam, on pace, full, the batsman goes back to try to get under the ball, but manages to only sky it to mid-off.
1 run, a quicker slider, out of the front of the hand, and suddenly, KXI are sinking.
1 run, good length on middle, and this one zips through. Forced to stay on the back foot, and punched to mid on.
no run, another blow for the batsman! Almost in the same spot. Short of a length, the ball squats a little on him as he aims to pull.
no run, down the wicket first ball, Bishnoi bowls a wide legbreak, and he is lucky to get a bit of an inside edge.
1 run, flighted, outside off, and he drives this down to long off.
2 runs, on a length, slow, dipping, and the batsman has out this between long-on and deep midwicket with soft hands for a couple.
no run, on-pace, full, really full, hit down to long-on. Refuses the single.
1 run, flat and wide outside off, chopped to extra cover for a tight run.
1 run, full on off, and worked away towards deep midwicket this time. They walk across for one.
1 run, flatter and quicker, length outside off, goes back and punches it towards sweeper cover.
1 run, 115 kph, another slower ball, and straight. Inside edged towards leg gully for a run.
no run, they're checking if there was an edgeYes there was! They don't review. the batsman looked to sweep that, got an inside edge onto back pad.
1 run, short outside off with a diagonal run up. Backs away and slaps it to long-off.
no run, front-of-the-hand again, and this time an offcutter. Tapped down the pitch.
1 run, punches to long-on for an easy single.
1 run, short ball, that's a good one made to look even better by the batsman, fending awkwardly, flies down to third-man but falls well short.
1 run, length ball, into the pads, worked to leg for one.
1 wide, short, angling down leg, the batsman hops across to try and tuck it fine off his hip, but can't make contact.
SIX runs, the bowler fires this one a length, and the batsman advances down the ground and launches this over long-on.
1 run, slower ball, wide outside off, he sweeps and gets a cue end to short third man. Warner calls him through for a quick single, he is struggling, but the throw hits the batsman in the back. No change in direction, though.
FOUR runs, slower ball, he didn't get the timing quite perfect on it, but manages to just clear the long-off boundary. Scratch that, it bounced just inside the rope. Outside off, full and he was giving himself room ends up not getting it off the middle but no fielder at long-off, so he gets runs for it.
1 run, full on middle and leg, driven to long-on for a run.
1 run, full and just outside off, mistimed slog to deep midwicket.
no run, hits Pant's right knee and is nearly run out. the batsman looking to run this late cut fine, is already running down the pitch. But Pant has stuck a leg out and nearly gets this to deflect onto the stumps.
1 run, touch short, worked to deep square.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, clears his front leg, hits it towards deep midwicket, along the ground.
no run, length outside off, straighter one, the batsman shoulders arms in anticlimactic fashion.
1 wide, length ball down the leg side, the batsman misses the flick but that's a wide.
FOUR runs, there is a deep midwicket in place but the batsman has drilled this full ball between long-on and that man. No chance for either fielder.
no run, really slow bouncer on middle and it's angled it, the batsman sways his head out of the line and tries a kind of ramp but misses.
2 runs, full on off stump, walks into the off side and jabs this off his toes to backward square's right.
1 run, pushed through the line to mid-off for a quick single. Avesh bowls out and he's had a superb debut with Daredevils.
1 run, short and wide, backs away and cuts it to short third man.
1 wide, down leg again, another wide.
2 runs, short on middle and leg, cramped for room, but the batsman punches a couple to long-on.
no run, beats him. This one went straight on and the batsman was trying to push it, but it whistles past the outside edge.
no run, not sure this is the wrong'un, but this does come back in. Can't beat square leg.
1 run, another perfect yorker and he jams it down to long-on. Jordan quickly back for the second. Mayank on the fringes of his fitness right now, huffing and puffing.
no run, short of a length, straight, defended to short midwicket.
1 run, fired wide, and he cuts this fiercely, but the fielder at cover cuts this off and keeps it to one.
no run, full on off stump. Very accurate, and the batsman gives the delivery the respect it deserves. Defended off the front foot.
no run, a shorter and wide slower delivery is slashed to the sweeper cover. Yusuf declines the run.
2 runs, misfield at extra cover. Good length outside off, punched sweetly off the middle and it's slipped through from under the fielder.
1 run, flat, short of a length on middle stump. Flicked into the open leg side.
1 run, diagonal run up again. Googly at a length on off stump, defended into the covers.
1 run, Has Iyer dislocated his shoulder? No he hasn't, but he is in pain. Lovely on-the-up drive to this quick short-of-a-length ball, and Iyer makes a dive to his left at mid-off to save three runs. But he has landed awkwardly, and is in pain and is going off the field.
OUT, bounced out! Because the batsman isn't prepared for it to kick up off the pitch as it does. He sees the ball pitching short, believes there is enough room on offer for the pull, goes through with the shot, but only splices it to mid-off. Ashwin takes a simple catch. Kings XI draw first blood.
1 run, wide length ball, but he has deep point in place just for this.
1 run, dropped by Curran! It was full outside off, and the batsman lifted it over cover. Came off the bat's toe end, so it was in the air for a long time. Curran, from deep extra cover, runs in, but misjudges the catch. Drops it with the ball dipping in front of him.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, punched to long-off for one.
1 run, on a length, outside off, driven on the up, single to deep cover.
1 run, the batsman rides the bounce of this short offering outside off and glides it to deep third man.
2 runs, down on one knee as he slogs this to deep midwicket where Kohli covers good ground and then dishes in a dive to stop that. The recovery too was top notch.
no run, short of a length, sits in the surface, Dhawan early into the cut, ends up hitting this back to the bowler.
1 run, short of length on the stumps, goes back to pull but doesn't middle it, Russell makes a tumbling stop from long-on.
no run, opens the face to steer this length ball on off to Rinku at point.
1 run, back of a length, middle and leg, bunted into the leg side to look for two but the bowler gives a great chase and keeps them down to one.
1 run, well bowled, tight on middle and off, shapes back at the batsman who pushes into midwicket.
no run, length outside off, walks into the shot and steers it straight to point.
no run, a knuckle ball? Full and wide outside off, Suryakumar misses a cut.
no run, short of a length and the batsman pings a cut but picks out the fielder this time. Good over from the floppy-haired stallion.
1 run, plays it late, and chops it down to third man. Good length just outside off on this occasion.
1 run, good length and just outside off, defended into the covers.
no run, fuller, quicker, pushed to extra cover again.
SIX runs, drags it wayyyyyyyyy over fine leg! Too predictable from the bowler. Yet another slower short ball. the batsman waits deep in the crease this time and is almost waiting for the hoick over square. It all works out perfectly and a good over ends with a six after all.
FOUR runs, and now he lifts it over short fine! Savvy batting, this. Expected a shorter length and was fed with a slower short ball outside off, much like the one he got from Jofra, last ball of the last over. Dropped his right shoulder and ramped this.
FOUR runs, length ball on off stump, and the batsman shovels it down the ground, up and over the non-striker's head.
FOUR runs, steps out, doesn't get to the pitch but goes through and manages to absolutely blast this wide of the bowler. Mid-on had no chance.
no run, length on middle, Dhawan skips down the wicket and tries to help it along past short fine-leg, doesn't time it and it nearly carries to the man.
1 run, pacy short ball at 143.4 kph outside off. the batsman gets behind it and guides it to third man.
FOUR runs, length on middle, the batsman skips down the wicket, makes a little room as he does so and goes inside out over extra cover.
FOUR runs, slower short ball with third man up, and the batsman upper-cuts it over that man. The innings keeps getting better.
1 run, back of a length, rocks back and heaves a pull in the air as it lands short of long-on.
1 run, short down leg, worked to deep midwicket for a single. A productive over.
1 run, slices this down to square third man, good work by Kaul. A sliding stop.
1 run, full on off stump, flicks to long-on.
2 runs, driven firmly past the diving cover fielder, back for the second as Tiwary comes around from wide long off.
OUT, Jordan settles under that at long-on and takes it! Kings XI are all but there. another short of a length ball, dug in as a cutter. Sitting up at off stump. He backs away and pulls off the toe-end. Jordan watches closely as he moves with the ball and lunges at the very end to take it close to the ground. It's coming off spectacularly for KXIP - they want them to hit leg side and leg side is exactly where they've tried to hit.
1 run, full and just outside off, shuffles and drives to long-off.
FOUR runs, length ball wide outside off, leans in and sweeps between deep midwicket and long-on.
no run, outswinger, on a length, outside off, defended.
1 run, good length and outside off, goes back and punches sweetly to sweeper cover.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, sliced to third man.
1 run, short of a length around off, not much room, and he hangs back and opens the face to backward point where Mark Wood misfields.
1 run, driven to long-on for a run.
1 run, good length outside off, stride across off stump as he drops this into the midwicket region.
no run, back of a length on off stump, and it's another loopy slower ball. the batsman wants to pull but he's through his shot too early. Hits his arm.
no run, full outside off stump, and that's been driven away from his body. Excellent work from Mccullum at cover.
no run, beaut! A leg spinner's dream ball. Drifts and lands on leg stump, and then turns across the batsman's bat. Taken by Buttler from outside off.
no run, good length outside off, looks to drive on the up but is beaten. Bat was well inside the line of that one.
1 run, gets a thick inside edge on a hoick to deep midwicket.
1 run, short of length outside off, stays back and cuts it towards deep point, Jadeja keeps it to one.
no run, short ball, 149kph, he tries to pull, gets a bottom edge onto pad and it rolls away.
FOUR runs, too much leg side, so the batsman tickles this past short fine. Easy pickings. Today, he hasn't been about the muscle or the big hits, there's been a lot of calculative strokes.
1 run, swept from outside off to deep square.
SIX runs, overpitched wide outside off, and that's just too easy for CHG. Gets down on one knee, and swats this over long-on.
1 run, short of a length at leg stump, off his feet to whip to fine leg.
OUT, knocks middle and leg stump and lets out a couple of roars. Another good length offcutter, but slightly fuller and slightly straighter than the last one. the batsman brings out the slog again but this time he's beaten on the inside edge.
FOUR runs, crunched. Nails this one for sure. Walks closer into the line instead of making room this time. Allows him to line up the full and wide ball outside off and he drives firmly to mid-off's right.
1 run, length on off stump, steps out and punches to long-off.
no run, wide yorker, on-pace, 132ks, beats him even as he steps out of the crease. Late on this one.
SIX runs, induces the bouncer by faking a shuffle. Quickly jumps back and gets inside the line to ramp this comfortably over deep square leg.
no run, carrom ball, beats him, hits him on the pad, but is turning too much after pitching on leg.
2 wide, beaten outside off by a nicely done legcutter. But it has just gone wide of the marker. They sneak a run.
1 run, low full toss on off stump, leans in and pats it to extra cover. Direct hit and he would've been out at the non-striker's.
OUT, another brace for the bowler. But is this too late? Kishan tries to end this right here right now, looking to upper-cut him, but the bowler gets big on him, making him loft this towards deep cover where Axar takes a smart low catch diving forward.
SIX runs, length, and he picks this up and thumps it over long on. Terrific bit of timing!.
SIX runs, oh this is smoked. Pushed through a bit quicker and that helps as the batsman runs down to the pitch of this length ball and smokes it 94 metres, into the second tier over long-on.
no run, very full on middle, 143ks, jabbed to the off side.
1 run, innocuous looking ball on the pads, the batsman tucks it carefully to leg for one.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length, this time he has time to run this down to third man. Just seems hurried by quick bowling here.
no run, the bowler lobs it up outside off and gets it to break away, the batsman reaches out for the googly and is beaten on the outside edge. Ultra Edge detects a spike, and this means DK has dropped it. It went quickly to DK, too difficult to close his gloves around the ball.
2 runs, slow through the air, the batsman makes room to punch this straight of deep midwicket for two.
FOUR runs, short of a length, too wide, and the batsman looks to cut. He is late into it, but the width also means the outside edge goes fine for four.
FOUR runs, breaks the 11-ball boundary drought with a revere-sweep. Takes this from on the stumps and bisects point and short third man.
2 runs, flatter, on middle, and the batsman rocks back to pull. In the air, but safe at the deep despite two boundary-riders there.
no run, back of a length outside off, and the loopy bounce deceives the batsman. Tries to cut but can't connect!.
1 leg bye, overbalanced as he looks to flick, the ball snakes back in to deflect off the pad to the leg side. Leg bye it is.
FOUR runs, googly full and down leg side, takes it on with a sweep and gets it past short fine.
1 run, full on middle, and the googly is mistimed down the ground to long on.
no run, greeted by a snorting bouncer first up and he ducks well under it.
no run, goes back into the crease and defends with the spin.
1 leg bye, gets inside the line here, trying to go over short fine, but is hit on the pad as he is early into the shot.
1 run, length outside off, Parthiv goes for the pull but extra bounce means he can manage it only behind square for one.
1 run, Kishan looks to work this wrong'un to leg, but ends up getting a leading edge that falls short of long-off.
3 runs, dropped at mid-off. Tough, dipping chance low to the right for Rahul. Looks like he manages to get only one hand on it. the batsman jumps down the track again, but it's a short delivery and he drives on the up off a high part of the bat. Rahul leaps to the tight and gets a hand on it, but wasn't close to holding on.
1 run, short on middle, shimmies out and whips to deep midwicket.
1 run, full, can't get under it, hit hard to long-off.
no run, on a length, straight, pushed back to him.
no run, length outside off, goes for the cut but misses.
no run, leggie, floated up on leg stump, and Faf is forward to push to mid on.
no run, good length and into middle stump, defended down the pitch from the crease.
no run, bouncer, wicket to wicket, the batsman ducks under it.
no run, slower ball, outside off, and he edges this, but along the ground as it creeps down towards Karthik.
1 wide, bouncer. Too short, too high, and a touch down leg side. The perfect wide?.
1 run, good length on the legs, whipped to short fine's left off the back foot.
1 run, works this from outside off towards midwicket.
no run, short of a length and angling into the thigh, Parthiv does not make contact with it.
SIX runs, second tier! Full on middle, and slog-swept over deep midwicket this time. Once again quick to get down on one knee, and then the batsman' bat speed does the rest.
no run, another short ball, this might be one for the over as it sails over the batsman's pull.
1 run, length, spinning into middle, punched down to long-on.
1 run, full and straight, driven to long-on for one.
2 runs, length ball, clipped in front of deep midwicket, and they come back for two.
no run, knuckle ball misses off stump by a whisker! the batsman goes for the six over long-on and for all the good it does, he may as well been a card board cut out of himself.
no run, full on middle and leg, and going down the leg side. the batsman tries to work it towards square leg, but misses. Appeal for lbw but the umpire isn't interested.
FOUR runs, slapped wide of long-off. Good length, wide and sliding away. Sits up at a good pace and he clubs it off the front foot. Mandeep does brilliantly to sprint across and get a hand to that, but it slips through.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended off the back foot.
1 run, makes sure to play close to the body, which is important against someone with good slower balls, and finds a single at midwicket.
1 run, length ball on off, and turns into his body. Mistimes a shot to the leg side.
OUT, bowls him with another beauty. the batsman caught on the back foot again as the bowler lands this quick legbreak on middle stump. This time the bat's facing long-on and the ball's past the outside edge to knock off stump.
no run, shortens his length a bit and the batsman stays back to punch it, but cover is there and no single available.
no run, quick, wide, short of a length, the batsman looks to cut, but is hit on the inside half of the bat.
no run, wide length ball, pushed to cover.
1 run, length on the pads, tucked away towards deep midwicket.
1 run, a big shot but he somehow finds a gap behind point. Another cutter outside off, Thampi looks for a big hit, but the ball skews off the outside half and over the infield.
1 run, whips this to deep square.
FOUR runs, expertly carved past short third. Yorker length outside off, just hangs deep, slight arch back, and the perfect opening of the face to get it to that fielder's left.
1 run, dragged down on middle stump, the batsman shovels a pull to deep midwicket.
1 run, right into the blockhole, squeezed out to mid-off.
FOUR runs, the batsman's picking them before the bowler knows what he wants to bowl. As soon as he sees it's full and straight, he knows where he's going - over mid-on because the field is in. And even though it's not the batsman's best timing, it's good enough because his decision-making is so quick. Awesome. Just lands inside? This is taking an age from the third umpire. The 147th replay goes on screen. Woooohooo, a decision at last: it's four.
1 run, nicely played and stopped. A full delivery on middle and leg, the batsman drives with the full face, towards mid-off's right. The fielder gets across and cuts the ball off. A slightly sloppy start from Mumbai.
no run, 143 kph, full on middle and leg. That's the batsman bread and butter. He misses a flick, struck on the pad. Just two runs off the over.
1 run, that's the first bouncer of the over, or should be! On middle and leg, pulled down to fine leg for a run.
no run, googly spins from outside off, the batsman does not read it, slog-sweeps and does not make contact.
2 runs, quick length ball outside off, driven in front of deep cover for two.
1 run, full and wide outside off, driven along the ground to extra cover's left.
FOUR runs, bowls a bouncer this time with fine leg up - a cardinal sin. the batsman pulls it over the fielder and collects a boundary.
FOUR runs, clears point with a mistimed slice. the batsman wants to thump this over over but it's a slower ball drifting away from him and it takes the thick outside edge.
no run, full on off, pushed back to the bowler.
2 runs, looks for the wide yorker, just inches off the length, squeezed out for two to deep point.
1 run, defends this length ball into the off side towards cover for a quick single.
1 run, floated up at off stump and he gets down quickly for the reverse sweep. Siraj cleans up to his left at short third man.
2 runs, a misfield. Full and wide outside off, carved to backward point. A fumble allows two and the batsman's fifty.
1 run, slower one, fuller outside off, backs away and looks to go hard, mistimes it towards extra cover.
FOUR runs, full and angling away wide outside off, Faf reaches out for the ball with his hands and carves it away fine of deep third man. Beats Avesh to his left in the deep.
2 runs, good length on middle, punched to long-on's left and top game awareness from Morgan to come back for the second.
1 run, short of a length, straightening on middle, backs away and punches through cover.
OUT, taken at deep point! It's short. It's wide. It needs to be whacked, which the batsman tries to do. But the connection is weak. It comes off the outside half of the bottom of the bat and goes only as far as Anureet.
1 run, off the inside half of the bat again, and this time he gets a single to mid-on. The throw hits Kishan on the calf.
no run, full on off stump, defended to midwicket's right.
no run, length ball spinning down leg side, he can't get bat on it. Cops it on the pad.
no run, legbreak to Dhawan, gets the inside edge onto the pad, and the ball rolls back to him.
OUT, it's high, but not long enough! Full on leg stump, and the batsman looks to swing across the line. Slices the shot, and while the ball has the elevation, it doesn't quite have the distance. Bravo safe as houses at deep midwicket.
1 run, tossed up at off stump, gets on his knee and drills it along the floor to long-off.
no run, slants a length ball across, steered to point. Good stop by Lewis.
no run, shorter length, he's back and trying to cut, gets a bottom edge onto the pitch.
2 runs, short of a length just outside off, opens the face and runs it to third man's right.
FOUR runs, length, zippy ball, and he goes back and plays a cut, very late, off the stumps virtually, and pierces the gap between point and short third man. Class!.
FOUR runs, that's a filthy delivery, drops short outside off. the batsman rocks back and pummels the long-hop of a legbreak to the deep cover fence.
SIX runs, into his swinging arc as the ball drifts in from around the stumps, Mitch the batsman is down on one knee as he slogs this over cow corner! The carromball gone wrong this time.
2 runs, gets down for a reverse sweep and crunches it out to sweeper cover for a brace.
1 run, length on the pads, clipped away to fine-leg to turn the strike over.
1 run, on a length, straight, risky risky single to mid-on, but Uthappa's throw is wilde.
1 run, short of a length, spinning in, punched away through the covers.
no run, full and into off stump, check-driven back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, opens up the off side again! Superb stuff from the batsman. This one is overpitched on off stump and he uses the room to slice it through cover point.
OUT, drags this from outside off, so there's no timing on this heave and DreRuss takes a superb catch with the boundary triangle just around the corner of his eyes. Took three steps to his right, maintained his balance and took it without much fuss.
FOUR runs, pulled into the gap! Poor ball, the batsman picked the length and split the gap at deep midwicket and long-on.
1 run, on a length, slight turn, punched down to long-off for one.
no run, full outside off, can't get the drive past extra cover's outstretched right hand.
1 run, tossed up on off, and driven off the front foot. Excellent stop by Tripathi there to keep it down to one.
1 run, yorker at the stumps, squeezed pitch side.
no run, excellent yorker! Ricochets it onto his toes while trying to squeeze this out.
no run, on a length, on off. the batsman pays him respect. Defends.
no run, short and pushed across him. Walks down and slaps it on the rise to cover.
no run, back of a length, just outside off, and blocked off the back foot to point.
1 run, short of a length, around off, dropped to leg for one.
no run, big swing of the bat, but the ball goes straight to Dhoni. Length ball on off, but the ball takes some extra bounce after pitching. Bhuvi misses. Again.
no run, slower length ball, just outside off, beats his slog.
FOUR runs, short ball, and he has sent this through Vijay Shankar's reach at midwicket for four! Delhi have just about held their nerve. What should have been a canter at one stage, has turned into an absolute humdinger, but Delhi make the date for Qualifier 2 against Chennai Super Kings!.
no run, full on middle stump, mistimed drive to the bowler's left.
no run, short, quick, 147ks, chest-high, and beats the batsman on the upper-cut.
1 run, whips this full delivery to deep midwicket. Bowled at 141.9kph.
no run, short of length and spinning back, the batsman was looking to give himself some room but is cramped, chopped towards extra cover.
1 wide, full toss down leg side, has a hack at that and misses.
1 run, fuller on leg, he glances this fine to fine leg with ease.
no run, another beauty, what a vstart for the bowler! Pulls his length back a tad, pitches outside leg and snakes away appreciably, beating the outside edge.
1 run, and that is why. the batsman is hitting them straight, and the straight long-off doesn't have to move sideways at all.
FOUR runs, length ball on leg, and he tries to sweep behind square. Top-edge takes it over the keeper's head, and the ball bounces across the boundary-line.
no run, looks to run this down, and sends it straight to the keeper. On the bouncer.
1 run, driven with the spin to sweeper cover.
no run, low full toss on leg stump, driven along the floor to extra cover.
2 runs, full and straight, bunted into the leg side for a couple.
FOUR runs, thick edge past the keeper. Short outside off, 141kph, has the room for the slash and that's what he does. More third man runs.
no run, length outside off, hint of shape away again, left alone.
1 run, good length and into middle stump, punched to midwicket's left off the back foot.
1 run, length on off stump, punched to mid-on off the inside of the bat.
SIX runs, the batsman shovels it all the way over short fine leg for a six. WHAT A CRAZY SHOT. the batsman, you beauty. He shuffles across off, drops down to one knee - injured hamstring and all - and ramps it all the way to the boundary. He might not have ventured this shot had fine leg been back. Is this the game? Tahir runs across from the other end and hugs the batsman.
FOUR runs, starts off with the slower ball, and that's been muscled straight to the long-on boundary. A juicy first delivery that Suryakumar helps for four.
FOUR runs, slips down with an on-pace delivery, and the batsman gets more than a tickle on this. Fine leg stands no chance.
1 leg bye, full toss angling down, swings and misses. Ball deflects off the pad towards short fine. A leg bye is all they'll get.  the bowler escapes with a juicy full toss .
1 run, short, and he whips it off the hips towards backward square leg. Brings up 100 for Mumbai Indians.
no run, short ball at the stumps, backs away and pulls into the turf to find that midwicket fielder who came in after the first ball. Wonder if he could have backed away and got this over the off side.
FOUR runs, fuller and wider outside off, looks to go over cover but ends up slicing it behind point but gets a boundary nonetheless.
1 run, good length slider at middle stump, clipped into the leg side.
1 run, shortish on leg stump, he flicks it to midwicket.
OUT, taken at mid-on. Locked on the front foot again. This is a length ball outside off. He wants to shovel that wide of mid-on. But it's off the high part of the bat and floats gently to Pollard's left.
1 run, good length on off, the batsman walks across and clips it towards midwicket.
1 run, blasted this full delivery from the stumps but straight to Narine at mid-off. He was moving to his left and the ball hits his boot.
1 run, googly, short and at middle stump. Punched to long-on.
no run, 135kph, full outside off, the batsman gives himself a touch of room then swings and misses.
no run, full and into leg stump, poked to mid-on off the front foot.
no run, appeal for lbw is turned down. Got down for the sweep against this full ball. Might have pitched outside leg.
1 run, swings this low full toss to deep midwicket.
no run, slower bouncer foxes the batsman. He wants to leave it, just outside off. But he realises it's a slower one and thinks momentarily about trying to jab it over the keeper. It's too late and he's unhappy:  oh nooooooo.
1 run, driven hard on the up, the bowler gets a left hand to it. On the full, but that was hardly a chance as this was hit hard and he was in his follow-through. Mind you, he took one recently in the England series. Jason Roy, was it?.
1 run, length outside off, the batsman skips down the wicket and tries to turn it to the on side, gets a massive leading edge to deep point.
1 run, short and just outside off, steps out and slices a pull feebly down to long-on.
no run, fuller ball, and he drives this back towards the bowler. Rolled his fingers over this one to slow it down.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, punched to deep midwicket.
1 run, quicker, outside off, dropped into the covers for one.
1 run, full and marginal movement away from off stump. Feet rooted as he drives to mid-off's left.
no run, short of a length and ripping away outside off. Looks for the late cut and is beaten.
2 runs, quick length ball to the batsman, punched hard and wide of long-on for two.
1 wide, knuckle ball goes woefully wrong It's very wide.
FOUR runs, short, on-pace, and he goes back to pull this between long leg and deep square leg. Into the big boundary.
1 run, offbreak from a good length outside off. Allows it into the corridor and chops to short third.
1 run, dropped at deep square. Saves five runs though. the batsman has chipped a thigh-high full toss to Padikkal, who might have just stretched upwards too early for this catch. Can't keep his balance as he lands on his back foot and loses footing. Lobs it back in but too far away to return to take it.
FOUR runs, loses his line again. the batsman is loving these gifts. The length is fine, but he angles it down leg, and the batsman places it well forward of deep square leg.
1 wide, good length and very wide outside off, left alone.
OUT, the bowler hits a hard length outside off. the batsman throws his bat at the ball and edges it behind. Dhoni snags the catch. the batsman walks back for 13 off 4. He has set it up for Buttler and Archer.
no run, full and angling into a push to short midwicket.
no run, slower ball, just short of yorker length outside off, Parthiv strokes it nicely but straight to cover.
no run, flat and quick, back of a length outside off. Not enough room to cut, and it's past his edge by the time he can create some and bring his bat down.
no run, on a length, quick, on off. Pushed back to him.
1 run, short of a length outside off, cut to point's left. Ngidi dives to the left to parry that for sweeper cover.
OUT, but the bowler gets the other big hitter. Seems like wrong'un, the batsman sees it in is swinging arc, clears the front leg and tries to go over long-on. The top edge only carries as far as the boundary edge where he is caught smartly.
1 run, down the track and looking to go straight over the top, but the bowler saw him coming and shortened his length, the batsman ends up inside edging to square leg.
FOUR runs, thumped on the up, to the left of extra cover. It was in the air for a while, but so well struck and just wide of the diving fielder. So good to see.
no run, length outside off, tapped on the rise to extra cover.
FOUR runs, crunched! He's drilled that straight, back through the bowler's hands I think, as the bowler goes full and straight. the batsman just swings through the line.
FOUR runs, short-arm jab but the timing is magnificent. Bisects midwicket and mid on. Lovely from the batsman.
FOUR runs, plum on-pace half-volley at 133ks. Axar rockets this back over the non-striker's head for four.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, goes for the pull but straight in the direction of deep midwicket.
no run, back of a length on off stump, the batsman brings his bat down in line in defence.
no run, length ball on the stumps, the batsman stays back and punches it back towards the bowler.
FOUR runs, helped over short fine leg. Too short and angling in, the batsman walked across and picked his spot. Too easy.
2 runs, full on middle, and clipped off his toes to deep backward square for a single.
no run, square drive to a wide length ball, but again straight to the man at point.
1 run, goes back and flat-bats this length ball to long on.
FOUR runs, glorious! the batsman with the shot of the evening. I said it might look different when the bowler bowls. Length ball skids on nicely outside off, no movement. He leans in, full balance and crunches a drive past mid-off.
no run, full and wide outside off, the batsman looks for the slap over cover but misses it altogether.
FOUR runs, forehand slap over wide mid-off. Slower short ball across him and wide outside off. His front leg is past the tramline on the leg side! He's that far in the leg side, but manages to reach out at this and connects nicely.
1 run, quicker, nearly seam-up, 106ks, Sharma winds up again, but is late into it, and gets just the single off the inside edge.
1 run, on a length, outside off, goes back to punch this down to long-off for one.
1 run, on a length, wicket to wicket, worked to deep square leg for one.
1 run, fuller and outside off, 100.7ks, driven off the front foot to long-on.
SIX runs, whipped over long-off! This is overpitched outside off, his feet are static but he gets his upper body out on top of the ball as he meets it, and then whips his wrists out at it. That is an ode to the helicopter shot.
1 run, short ball just outside off, pulled on the up to long-on's left. Supremely timed.
FOUR runs, width offered, and slapped past point! Just that extra pace from the bowler, and the batsman makes full use. Cuts it square to the end over in a strong manner.
1 run, just short of yorker length on the stumps, clipped to deep square leg off his toes.
1 run, length on middle stump, on the back foot to flick to deep midwicket.
no run, good length and swung away just outside off. Checks himself after shaping for a drive, but he gets some sweet timing on this punch to mid-off.
1 run, good length on off stump, and the batsman mistimes his pull to cow corner. They jog across for the single.
FOUR runs, can't stop the bleeding! Overpitched ball on the pads and the batsman merely leans into this, gets his body weight into the bat and closes the wrists at the last moment to caress this between deep square and deep midwicket.
1 run, length at middle stump, nudged through midwicket off the back foot.
OUT, caught at fine leg the batsman was backing away again, this was another back of length ball that followed him. He made contact this time though and got a top edge. Ironically it's Bumrah who's the catcher. The last over, the batsman had tried the same shot against Bumrah twice but failed to connect.
1 run, slow and short and wide again, the batsman toe-ends this to long-off for another single. the bowler comes back well to end with just 30 off this over.
SIX runs, muscled over long on! Sheer power. Back of a length outside off, and Yusuf simple pulls it over the non-striker's head. Stand-and-deliver stuff.
no run, short of a length and turning into middle stump. Punched to extra cover off the back foot.
1 run, shuffles across to slog this to deep midwicket.
(no ball) SIX runs, full toss on the pads and that's into the stand over deep squareleg, and what's more Ankit the bowler, who had been off the field since completing his previous spell has overstepped and it's a free hit.
1 run, slower ball, and full outside leg stump. the batsman tries to play it fine, but can only clip it to the man inside the circle.
no run, wider line, attempted slap through the covers but can't connect.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, bottom edge on the cut for Dhawan.
1 run, short ball, sticks in the pitch, he pulls flat and wide of long on but not well enough to beat Boult on the rope.
SIX runs, and just like that KKR are right back into the game. Twice in this match, Smith has let them back in by bowling the bowler. Short again, skidding nicely onto the bat, and he has pulled this over wide long-on.
1 run, steps out and wallops this length ball to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, drilled over extra cover. Waited, deep in the crease. It was full and wide and he just needed half a stride to get the weight forward and use the room to find that boundary.
1 run, works this from length outside off to wide long on.
1 wide, called wide! Curran goes too short. Harshal was on the move, into the off side, setting up for a ramp. Was too late as it flew over the stumps.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, the batsman drags a single to wide long-on and retains the strike.
no run, knuckle again, but wiiide outside off. Forces him to reach at it, and mistimes the cut to point.
1 run, short of a length, on-pace, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, short of a length and jumping up at his gloves as he shapes to cut.
1 run, cut away, dangerous to a full delivery. Down to Rabada at sweeper cover.
no run, length, just on off stump, and the batsman defends this.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to deep square.
OUT, , and the time-out comes with a break in concentration! Good length on middle, and the batsman goes for the big one first up. Rocks back and tries to pull, but has no elevation behind that shot. Straight to deep midwicket. Fifth time the bowler gets the batsman in ten T20 matches.
1 run, cramps him up, goes for a single to long-on.
2 runs, low full-toss, dips on middle, nudged again to midwicket.
1 run, flat length ball, flicks to the left of midwicket.
1 run, flat, back of a length, slides on with the angle towards middle and leg, goes deep in his crease again to flat-bat to long-on.
1 run, wrong'un, outside off, cut away to deep cover.
1 wide, good length on leg stump, and the batsman tries to flick it fine down the leg side. Can't make the connect off his bat.
no run, leading edge falls short of mid-off. Looked to turn that into the leg side from off stump, closed the face too early.
FOUR runs, carted over extra cover! Short ball outside off, leaps up as it gets big on him, then swishes from inside out - like an off-forehand. From his chest, out to the cover boundary.
FOUR runs, fuller outside off, movement away again, Parthiv throws his bat at it and it just clears the short third-man for another boundary.
1 run, slow, dipping full toss outside off. Driven to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, short of a length just outside off, allows it to come on and opens the face late to run this past the keeper.
1 run, low full toss at leg stump, driven to long-on's left.
1 run, full and into the pads, flicked to deep square.
no run, an offcutter outside off, Yusuf tries to sweep the ball but he isn't close to the ball. He's now 23 off 30.
2 runs, chipped over the bowler. Doesn't look in control at first but this has flown off the bat as he tries to drive through the line. Bends inwards and keeps going away from long-off who has to parry it to long-on.
1 run, good length at middle stump, punched to long-off's right.
2 runs, fuller ball, and he looks to go towards long on. Bat turns in his hand a bit and it skews away towards deep midwicket. Will pick up two.
no run, and immediately the bowler shortens his length a bit. The back of length ball that is bouncing a bit has had the batsman in trouble. He's stepped away to swing through extra cover again, but the ball beats bat.
no run, full on off, and turning away after hitting the deck. Tapped off the front foot to cover for a quick run.
3 runs, nice shot. On a length, outside off, push-driven past cover for three. Kohli receives the throw at the non-striker's and lets it rip to the keeper. Showing his frustration that they are allowed to take three here.
1 run, back of a length on the stumps, driven down to long-on.
1 run, flighted wide outside off, the ball's spinning into MJ, and he lifts it over midwicket. Man in the deep though.
1 run, full outside off, driven past the diving cover, down to long-off for one.
2 runs, length outside off, stays back and steers it past backward point for a couple.
FOUR runs, nicely played. the batsman expertly finds the third man boundary. It's a cutter angled in at him. Not a lot of room there but he manages to arch backwards and chop it between keeper and short third.
1 leg bye, good length and down leg side. Gets a glove to short fine as he looks to sweep.
1 run, good length on leg and spinning across the batsman. Tries to pull square but is through his shot way too early. Comes off the bat's toe end, and goes past the bowler's right.
1 run, length ball, leg stump, and nudged off his pads to square leg. Just a single.
1 run, OUT, overpitched and outside off, the batsman stays beside the line and drills it down to long-off. the batsman wants two, the throw is to the bowler, who gathers it and takes the bails off. Binny stretches, but is caught short by an accurate throw from his Karnataka team-mate.
1 run, length ball, and he drives this down to long on.
2 runs, full outside off, a slider this time. Nicely on top of that and flicks to deep midwicket's right.
1 run, the batsman stays leg-side of this full ball on off and drives to long-off.
1 run, dug in and Dhawan cuts this in front of point for one.
no run, looks like the slower ball. On a length, outside off, hit back to the bowler.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, pulled along the floor to deep square.
no run, on a length, quick, legbreak, defended from the crease.
1 wide, short and down leg side. Kishan has a whip at it and is beaten but he gets a run.
SIX runs, delicious! What lovely timing. The old Ponting launch over midwicket from just short of a length. Regular paced delivery and his swing is perfect under this.
no run, back of a length delivery, on leg. the batsman blocks comfortably.
1 run, back of length, keeps a bit low around the fourth stump, jabbed past the bowler.
no run, on a length, wicket to wicket, defended back to him. the bowler yet to be scored off tonight.
no run, slower legcutter, 129ks, sits in the pitch, moves away a touch, squares him up slightly. Defended back to him.
FOUR runs, length, and width outside off, and he flays this through the extra cover region. May have meant it as a slower ball, but the batsman picked it early.
FOUR runs, drills it over the bowler. the batsman with a taste for the straight drives today. Third one. This is a full slower ball just outside off and the front leg is away once again to allow swinging room. Bat turns in the hand a little but, again, all he needed to do was clear the infield.
1 leg bye, walks across to scoop, gets into a tangle as the ball hits the pad. They scamper a leg bye.
FOUR runs, moves away to the off side and scoops this down towards fine leg. Terrific finish to the innings!.
no run, beaten by the awayswinger. the batsman looks to defend from the crease and it nowhere near this.
1 run, the batsman drills a fuller one very hard back at the bowler and Mohit bumps into Dhoni as he moves to his right to try and stop it.
1 run, full on middle stump, and drilled down the ground to long on.
FOUR runs, full on the legs, the batsman goes down on one knee and tickles it really really fine for a cheeky boundary.
1 run, sixth fifty in seven chasing innings. Sixth in the tournament as well. Gets calmly behind this length ball and nudges to long-on. KL the batsman, once again, has got into the zone.
FOUR runs, Ashwin with the Indian twirl of the wrists that suggests, how did that happen? Low full toss outside off. Avesh closes his eyes, looks leg side and swings his hands. The ball ends up trickling into the extra cover boundary.
no run, close to the stumps, the batsman leans forward gently and defends.
1 run, looks for the sweep as the bowler bowls the slider. It runs off the glove to short fine leg.
1 run, wide outside off, and allows the batsman to free his arms. Slaps a cut to Rashid Khan at sweeper cover.
OUT, Sunrisers have their man finally. Back of a length and angling away outside off, Kishan looks to slog it away against the angle and across the line. Another low-percentage shot. This time he skies it to deep third man, where Yusuf Pathan slides on his knees and completes a sharp, low catch despite being blinded by the floodlights.
no run, short of a good length, just outside off. Punched firmly back at the bowler off the back foot.
1 run, the bowler follows him again, and this time he helicopters this low full toss flat to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, short of a length slider at middle stump, pushed to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, short of a length and wide outside off, stand stall and spanks this on the rise. Straight to deep extra cover.
2 runs, length on the pads, the batsman tucks it away towards deep squareleg, pacing it well for two.
SIX runs, hip-high short ball outside off, you've got to get it up higher, Mr. the bowler. the batsman lines it up and pulls it disdainfully over the midwicket boundary. Bam!.
no run, this is not the attack to try the batsman against. Sharp heavy short ball, beats him as he fends without getting close to the line of the ball.
1 run, full outside off, but it's the googly! Sharp turn into the batsman, and he tries to defend. Takes the bat's inside edge, and then onto his pads.
1 run, a tossed up offbreak outside off, a languid drive to deep cover for a run. Long-off is much wider, not too straight.
no run, excellent comeback over. Bowls a low wide full toss, it straight to cover-point. Pandya has done his job.
no run, back of a length on off, and he swiftly ducks under the ball's line. Well negated.
no run, short of a length, wide, cut straight to a fielder in the infield.
1 run, dropped by the bowler although that went very quickly to him. Low full toss to the batsman, he slammed it back and the bowler hardly had any time to react to go to his right. He'll keep strike.
FOUR runs, short, and he whips this away towards fine leg. Beats short fine leg, and gets if fine enough to beat long leg. Uses the pace of the ball effectively.
FOUR runs, short ball, it's a slower one and the batsman waits after that high back lift, and then pulls it late for it to go fine on the leg side this time, four more.
2 runs, nearly a yorker, the batsman does well to drive this hard towards deep cover. it is dying on the sweeper, but Abhishek Sharma attacks the ball, and even though he doesn't get to it on the full, he makes sure he gets some part of his body behind it.
SIX runs, the batsman helps this over the fence. Curran looks to tuck him up, but goes too fa down leg with this shortish ball, and the batsman pulls this over long leg.
1 run, fuller ball, on the pads, and he flicks this away towards square leg.
no run, looks to go to long-off but can't go past the bowler.
1 run, flighted and spins away outside off, guided to backward point.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length and wide outside off. Slaps that on the rise and to sweeper's left.
1 wide, back of a length on off, and the batsman tries to pull but misses. Ball flies over his head to the keeper. the batsman's not happy, he says a few things we can't repeat and the umpire calls it a wide. Ian Bishop apologises on TV for the batsman's language. Think the batsman wasn't happy with a wide not given in the Bumrah over.
FOUR runs, reverse sweep over short third man! It's the offspinner, and the batsman got into position early for the shot.
1 run, short and quick outside off, punched away to cover where there is another misfield. Another single.
no run, full on off stump, driven back to the bowler.
no run, drifts on leg again, clipped to square leg.
FOUR runs, oh starts off with a lovely cover-drive first ball. the bowler overpitches for a change, and he drives it past extra cover. Easy as Sunday afternoon.
FOUR runs, length, a bit of width, and he pounces on this. Cuts it away, and keeps it to the right of point. Sweetly timed.
no run, wrong'un first up. Seems like he has picked it off the surface, but has enough time to adjust and play a defensive shot.
1 run, worked off the pads to long leg.
SIX runs, and now the batsman is well and truly in the party, hats and all. Massive pull to a short ball that is only about rib high. Huge strike over square leg.
no run, shorter and wider, he cuts to backward point.
1 run, on a length, on off, punched down to long-on.
1 run, nudged softly into the leg side.
1 wide, strays down leg and that will be a wide.
1 run, good length and pushed through quickly outside off. Leans in and drives to sweeper's right.
2 runs, oh nice shot. Googly at a length outside off, allows it to land and opens the face late as he drives this to long-off's left. Just the perfect timing to pick up a second.
1 wide, quicker ball on leg stump, but that's too wide. Extras.
1 run, back of a length outside off, Nabi opens the bat face and guides that down to third man.
no run, lbw appeal as he walks across and looks to punch to midwicket. Slider from a length that might have missed off stump.
1 run, wrong'un, takes the outside edge, and goes for a single to short third man. the bowler ends a good comeback, but he has still conceded 55 off his four overs.
FOUR runs, tossed on middle, steps out and flicks it in the air over midwcket. Stylish from the batsman.
OUT, the frustration has got to the batsman. Lovely over from Curran ends with a reward. Slower offcutter, wide outside off, the batsman just swings for the fences, and gets a thick outside edge. Dhoni dives to his right to take the catch. A highly disappointing innings from the batsman: SR of under 120.
no run, length on off stump, punched to mid-on on the up.
1 run, tosses this up, wide outside off, and he goes for a cut, gets it to the right of point. Good effort from Kaul to keep it down to just one.
FOUR runs, good length and onto the pads. Stays tall and uses the angle to shovel that fine.
1 leg bye, misses the flick as this swings back in late to hit the pad, rolls to the leg side as they sneak in a leg bye.
2 runs, dragged down on off stump, the batsman rocks back but loses his shape. He winds up dragging a pull between wide long-on and deep midwicket.
no run, straighter, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, good length at off, steps out and goes inside-out. A chip to long-off's right where Stokes is the man again.
OUT, the batsman's been living dangerously and he skies this one high in the air and is taken brilliantly by Piyush Chawla, who runbs back from mid-on and puts in a timely dive to catch it inches from the ground! It was tossed up on middle, stuck in the surface a little as the batsman went for an ugly slog, only managing a top edge.
1 run, short outside off, angled towards backward point, Jadeja dives and has probably prevented another boundary with that dive.
FOUR runs, that's a free gift, straying on the pads and all the batsman had to do was get a bit of bat on it. Tickles it fine and collects the boundary.
no run, length outside off that stays low, the batsman shuffles and the ball sneaks from beneath.
OUT, good comeback from the bowler. The short-ball plan gets the batsman again. Almost as if you can add an extra i to his name. He did play this one like the more illustrious Raina does. Looks to get inside the line of this bounce to try to help it along to fine leg but all he manages to do is, glove it through to de Kock.
1 run, short, wide, slapped to sweeper. the bowler has given CSK some breathing space.
1 run, quicker, fuller, punched down to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, full outside off and Dhawan drills it through the covers and races across the turf for four.
1 run, tucked straight of midwicket, just the one.
2 runs, a slower delivery outside off, the batsman opens the bat face and guides the ball to short third man. Bumrah picks up and throws the stumps down at the striker's end, conceding an extra run in the process.
FOUR runs, short of length on the stumps, goes back and pulls it towards deep square leg, the fielder puts in the slide but cannot stop it.
SIX runs, lovely check-drive for a six. This is short of a length, wide, and he just nonchalantly chips this over mid-off. Just the bat speed and the timing carry it all the way for a six.
no run, squeezes out this full deli very back to the bowler.
1 run, good length and into leg stump, clipped to long-on with the angle.
1 run, tossed up outside off, driven to long-off.
1 run, full and wide outside off, hammered to the sweeper cover for a single. Quick hands through the line of the ball.
1 run, length ball on middle, and he pulls off the back foot. Protection in the deep though.
1 run, yorker, outside off, dug out to deep cover for one.
no run, good length, leg stump, cramping him and he's taken on the thigh guard.
no run, slower cutter outside off, barely 103ks, the batsman slogs early and only collects thin air.
no run, good length and wide outside off. Drives inside the line of that to be beaten as it turns away.
no run, short of a length and swung into off stump, hangs deep and chops it on the bounce to gully.
FOUR runs, extra short on off stump, and too easy for the tall the batsman. Swats this pull, and the ball races away to the cow-corner boundary.
OUT, ah, bad ball to get out to. Karun tries to fetch a pull from way outside off and gets an under-edge onto the stumps. Timely strike for Royals, ends a burgeoning stand.
FOUR runs, the batsman hits the winning runs, takes his helmet off immediately and swings his bat in the air with his right arm, such passion! Gets a hug from Lynn. Short and wide, he stays on top the ball and cuts it square and fast.
no run, flat on middle stump. Defended off the back foot by the batsman.
1 run, on a length, angling in, hits the bat high.
FOUR runs, short ball, slower one, 125ks, the batsman waits for it, sets up his base, and smashes this down the ground and straight of long-on.
no run, lovely offspin. Slow in the air, drifting in, dropping on him, not turning, hitting the pad. Just sliding down leg.
no run, Dhawan gets one on the knee cap. Can't catch a break! Length ball slanting in from outside off. Gets on the front foot and looks to drive and gets an inside edge that misses the flap on the lunged back knee. Treatment time ice treatment. Followed by some mobility exercises.
SIX runs, gets this one away. Slower short ball outside off, waits on it deep in the crease this timeand slaps it on the rise, flat and to deep midwicket's left.
no run, beaten on the inside edge. Plays down the wrong line at this. It's in the corridor and he's poking well wide from that. the bowler thinks there's an edge but Dhoni's in no mood.
FOUR runs, the batsman makes room, Arshdeep follows him, and follows him too far. the batsman gets inside the line and flicks it straight of short fine leg.
1 run, short and wide across him, pulls firmly but not too far to long-on's left.
1 run, full on the pads, clipped to deep square lag again.
1 run, good length on off stump, and he smothers it with the turn. Played off his pads to square leg.
no run, no room whatsoever still, angling in from wide of the crease and the batsman defends again.
no run, short of a length and holding in the surface. Check-pushes to midwicket off the back foot.
1 wide, length ball, quick on middle and going down the leg side. Wide called, swiftly.
OUT, straight to long-off. Friendly full toss wide outside off, about knee height. He hammers it to Warner's left and he crouches and takes that reverse cup.
1 run, length on middle stump, gets on his toes and nudges this to mid-on's right.
no run, full and just outside off, driven off the inside half of the bat to short midwicket.
no run, on a length, pretty straight, defended back to him.
no run, nicely tossed up, the batsman is well forward as he smothers this.
OUT, finds deep midwicket. Dropped short at middle stump, gets deep in the crease and pulls aerially. Nagarkoti with an easy take in the deep but the batsman thinks that has hit the spider cam cable in the air. Which would make it a dead ball. It's been sent upstairs. There is a ripple from spider cam's angle. A bit more vague from all the other angles. So the umpires tell him to walk. Not conclusive.
no run, looks for the back cut, but finds the fielder at point. Ginger in getting back to the crease, and we go to the third umpire. He has made it, but there is something odd about the way he does it. His foot seems jammed so he extends the arm to get in just in time.
1 run, length ball, angling into his pads. the batsman walks down the wicket, and flicks to midwicket.
no run, short of a length, angled across a set of stumps outside off, the batsman shuffles across and flicks it into the on side.
1 run, quick bouncer. Kishan, ducking for cover, manages to pull it and keep it down. Gets a single to long leg.
FOUR runs, full outside off, the batsman throws his bat at it and clears the cover field.
FOUR runs, carnage from the batsman low full toss outside off now and he carves it over cover for a sweetly timed four.
1 run, neatly nudges a good length ball off middle stump to deep midwicket.
no run, angling in, on a length, defended to leg.
1 run, full on off, driven to long-off.
1 wide, well bowled. Full and wide outside off, the ball angles away, but it is inside the tramline. Called a wide. Another wrong call from the umpire.
OUT, in the block hole, that's plumb! What a reply from Harshal. the batsman went back and across early to cover the stumps and steer it to the leg side, and Harshal sends down a slow offcutter with some revs, the batsman misjudges the pace completely and is trapped right in front.
1 run, full, just outside off, and tapped with soft hands towards cover. They scamper across for one.
no run, gives it some more air this time. Full just outside off, and the batsman fends it back to the bowler.
1 run, pulled down to deep midwicket.
no run, cutter at a good length, away from the corridor, and beaten on the swish.
to AB, SIX runs, de Villiers waits for another slower ball, bowled at 116ks, and he goes deep into the crease to loft this length ball over wide long-on. Those wrists and timing.
1 run, is this a legbreak?. De Kock is looking to make room and cut, but is cramped, and just survives thanks to his pad.
no run, too slow! And short as well! the batsman has no clue when the ball would get to him. Completed deceived as he tries to swipe at it. Just 95kph.
1 run, the bowler draws an appeal for leg before. Not given. Googly from the bowler, the batsman attempts a sweep and ends up gloving it through backward square leg.
1 run, fired outside off, 100ks, hint of turn, driven with the spin to sweeper cover off the front foot.
1 wide, full and wide outside off. Shaping away from the batsman too, and he's forced to reach at it. Can't connect, but the umpire calls it as extras.
1 run, a googly down leg, would have been wide had he left the ball but he tickles that down to fine leg.
1 wide, another wide down the leg side. Seems like a plan to cramp the batsman up or look for lbw.
FOUR runs, slog sweep to deep midwicket! The fielder was moved squarer and he slapped this to where the man was! Great batting.
no run, good length and in at off stump, punched to extra cover on the rise.
1 run, full toss, on the higher side, driven to long-on for one. Just under the waist, the umpires rule.
1 run, high full toss, but not high enough to be called a no-ball. Samad is a little surprised, and pushes this to wide long-on for one.
no run, misses out. A leg-side length ball, and he can easily clip it away for four, but is hit on the pad as he moves too far across.
no run, full and well outside off, the batsman reaches for it with feet not moving, but doesn't connect.
no run, length on middle, hurries onto the batsman, who defends late and nearly chops it back on to the stumps.
1 run, clipped off his toes to midwicket.
no run, much shorter this time and nipping in a bit, the batsman defends it back after it rises.
1 leg bye, moves across towards the off side and looks to scoop it away but the bowler follows the batsman and bowls it full and wide, the batsman ends up scooping it on to his pads. They run a single nonetheless.
no run, good length and shaped away from middle stump. Defended off the back foot.
1 run, low full toss on middle stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, looks to walk across and whip this over square leg, played too early. Flicked the back pad on the way to the keeper.
no run, bouncer, 133ks, over his left shoulder. the batsman leaves this alone.
1 run, tossed up outside off, pushed to deep cover for one.
no run, length, angled in, clipped straight to midwicket this time.
OUT, and what a game he's having! Just ambles in and delivers it on a length, angles it across, pretty innocuous delivery and the batsman basically guides it into the hands of the keeper.
1 run, flatter and fuller on off, the batsman gets a thick inside edge on the drive past midwicket.
FOUR runs, short and quick, the batsman takes his eyes off the ball at end but gets enough bat with an awkward pull and it beats the fine-leg fielder for four.
2 runs, touch short, he rocks back and cuts this into the gap at sweeper cover.
OUT, slower ball, and he has launched this into the air, and Deepak Hooda gets under this one. That's that!.
no run, short ball in the corridor. Looks to pull through midwicket and can't get bat as this flies past.
no run, tossed up at off stump, defended into the covers off the front foot.
FOUR runs, tossed up on off, and the batsman tries an extravagant drive. Takes a thick outside edge, and loops over to short third man. Yusuf attempts a dive to his right, but the ball bounces in front of him and then races away to the boundary.
1 run, shapes to paddle, gets it high on the bat, bounces short of short fine but they scamper a single nonetheless.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on's left.
no run, short of a length just outside off, punched into the covers off the back foot.
1 run, good length on off, and offspin from the bowler. Whipped towards midwicket off the back foot.
SIX runs, holds his shape, swings through the line and clears long on effortlessly. Beautiful swing of the bat, poor from the bowler. Can't bowl length.
1 run, nearly a yorker again, punched to mid-off, takes the single on, he is gone if Smith hits. He misses.
1 run, length, turns into him from outside off, and he punches this down to long off.
1 run, full and tailing into the the batsman, nearly had him there a she planted his front pad across but saved by an inside edge, and also gets a single.
1 run, goes back and turns this to midwicket for a single.
1 wide, slower ball, back of the hand, but starts way down the leg side. Will have to bowl this again.
1 run, back of a length, slowed it up a bit, Vijay clubs it off the back foot but straight to long-on. He's admonishing himself, wanted to place it better.
1 run, another googly, on middle and leg. You can read that based on where it pitched. Nudged to square leg.
no run, skiddy short ball, beats his pull and hits the thigh pad. No leg-bye as this goes straight to short third and the batsman is off balance.
no run, was giving himself room to go big over extra cover, but ends up getting a thin outside edge. De Kock can't hold on. That'll go down as a dropped chance.
1 run, good length outside off, punched off the front foot to long-off.
FOUR runs, short, but not with sting in it. Only about waist high, and he pulls this across the line and over square leg.
1 run, the batsman whips a full one into the leg side with plenty of bottom hand.
FOUR runs, short of a length, into the body, the batsman gets inside the line, tucks it square of short fine leg. There is a deep square leg in place, but this outfield is quick. And quickened further by the dew.
1 run, yorker just outside off, jammed down to long-off off the front foot.
1 run, whips this full delivery to deep midwicket. Another mix-up, Tripathi had to dive full stretch to get back after the batsman said no quite late for the second. Correct call in the end, there was no second run there.
OUT, finds point! Runs down the pitch and loses some shape this time. Cut might have been on again if he stayed in the crease, but he was reaching out after getting down the track. Sliced straight to Tripathi.
1 run, off the bat's shoulder, but lands safe! Length ball on off, but takes some extra bounce. He tried to nudge it towards the leg side, but the ball flies away towards point instead.
1 run, length ball, a tiny bit of movement back in towards off stump. Presses forward and pushes into the covers with soft hands.
1 run, steps down the wicket and drives a length ball outside off towards long off.
1 run, thick edge safely down to third man. Looks to punch through cover off the back foot and is caught slightly inside the line.
1 run, hint of width, driven through the line to deep cover.
no run, length, outisde off, and he gets behind the line and defends this.
1 run, length ball around off, stays back and punches it towards the right of short midwicket.
no run, slower ball at a length outside off, punched straight to extra cover on the rise.
OUT, struck plumb in front! the batsman reviews, but he seems to be stone dead. This is a full delivery, spins back in and the batsman is hit on the pad as he plays down the wrong line. He's well outside the line on the forward push, the ball beats the inside edge to hit the pad. Portion of leg stump visible at the point of impact. Ball tracker says this would've smashed leg stump. Excellent decision from umpire Rod Tucker. We criticise umpires when they don't get it right, so you have to give them credit where due.
FOUR runs, shot! Finds the gap expertly. Slightly flatter from Kuleep and at a length outside off. Nice, big stride forward and he gets this sweep sweetly to long-on's right.
no run, short of a length, on off, angling in, punched to midwicket. the batsman wants a single off the midwicket, but Dhawan sends him back.
1 run, gets down for a big crunching sweep and mistimes it to deep midwicket.
no run, short of a length, straight, defended off the back foot.
no run, shorter, back of a length outside off. the batsman gets over the bounce, watches the ball down and guides to short third man.
no run, full outside off, he drives but miscues to cover.
no run, short, angled across and gets over his flashing blade. There's an appeal for a caught behind and RCB review it. There never seemed to be anything on that. And replays show daylight between bat and ball. A waste of a review.
2 runs, nails the wide yorker after showing him the wide yorker. He digs it out towards the 30-yard circle, and comes back for two. He is gone for all money, but the throw is wayward. So no new batsman to bowl to.
1 run, short of a length, straight, pulled to wide long-on for one.
no run, length on off stump. Defended back to the bowler.
OUT, is that an edge? Oh, yeah! Tucked up for room and some extra bounce too that does him in. the batsman is trying to slap this over but gets a feather to the keeper. Gone for 20 but he Kings XI will be pleased he didn't scratch around.
1 run, length ball on middle, and the googly is flicked off his pads to deep backward square.
1 leg bye, slow, full, on leg stump. the batsman looks for the sweep, makes no contact, has to settle for a leg bye.
1 run, slower ball to start off. Good-length on leg stump, and played inside out towards cover. Off the back foot on this occasion.
SIX runs, short on middle and the batsman has torn into the bowler straight away. Perhaps expecting the batsman to come down the wicket, the bowler dragged it down and picked him up over deep squareleg.
1 run, good length slower ball, at the stumps. Shuffles and exposes the stumps before poking it past the non-striker.
no run, good length, tight to off, it shoots low as he tries to cut and misses.
1 run, opens the face to a back of a length delivery and steers to short third man who dives and gets a hand to it. Stopped a certain boundary.
no run, slower bouncer outside off, bends away, past the batsman's reach.
2 runs, just evades the diving cover fielder! Full outswinger outside off, drives with hard hands and a tad early.
1 leg bye, full and into leg stump, looks to whip that behind square and misses out. Crashes into the pad and deflects into the off side. the bowler missed the yorker on this, he gets away.
1 run, shuffles across to drive this full ball down to long-off for one.
1 run, googly, short and at leg stump. Whipped top deep midwicket.
1 run, length, angles across the batsman, who punches this towards backward point.
2 runs, full and straight, mis-hit towards deep midwicket for an easy two.
OUT, looks to repeat the shot but it's googly from the bowler, not that full either, the batsman has to adjust and he looks to go over long-on this time, doesn't get the timing right and Karun Nair takes an easy catch at long-on.
1 run, shuffles across to punch this length ball to leg. Just the single to deep midwicket.
no run, good length and into off stump. Defended to point off the front foot.
no run, full and straight, some swing into Parthiv but he drives it fluently. Straight back to the bowler though.
1 run, full ball outside off, leans in and drives to long-on.
FOUR runs, slower one outside off, too much width and he slaps it through the covers for four.
SIX runs, the good old the batsman mow, and he's cleared deep midwicket effortlessly. Just a touch full and in his swinging arc. Easy for the batsman.
1 run, looks for the drive through cover, but he is into the shot too early and an inside edge takes it through midwicket.
1 run, brings up fifty from 40 balls. It's a full toss onto his pads and he can't get the swish away to Archer's left at fine leg.
1 wide, good length and some late shape in. Left alone.
1 run, length on the pads, pushed towards midwicket.
OUT, comes back and strikes immediately. Vijay looks to pull this short ball but this skids through to beat him for pace, gets elevation on this short-arm jab but can't generate power and long on takes a comfortable catch.
FOUR runs, full just outside off, and he skips down the ground, before chipping a drive over Axar's head.
no run, full, a little too wide of him, and he slashes and misses.
FOUR runs, length and angled in, the batsman helps it along with the angle, to deep squareleg's right for four.
1 run, tossed up on leg stump, the batsman gives himself room and strokes it gently to long-off.
1 run, length and just outside off, opens the face and taps to point's left.
no run, tossed up on off, and spinning into his pads. Tries to defend, but hits his pad. In the air for a bit, which forces DK to try and catch it. Falls just short of him.
no run, slower yorker, he adjusts and pushes it back to the bowler.
1 run, length ball just outside off. A short-arm pull as this skids on. Febbly rolls out to long-on.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump. the batsman taps it down the ground to long on. He'll keep strike. Kings XI need five off 12 balls.
1 run, short of a length outside off, miscued punch to extra cover's left as he clears his leg to make room. Padikkal sneaks in at the other end as Stoinis' throw misses.
1 run, starts with a slower ball, at the pads, and he flicks it towards long leg.
no run, full on off, hint of swing away, Rohit comes forward and pushes it to point.
FOUR runs, the batsman looks in golden touch. Short of a length, just outside off, and he luxuriously punches this in front of cover-point for four.
1 run, tosses it up and gets it to drift in on off stump, the batsman gets forward, to the pitch of the ball, and deftly turns it behind square leg.
no run, full, right on the money around the fourth-stump channel, squeezed out back to the bowler.
OUT, taken on the deep sweeper cover boundary. Full and wide, the batsman slices the ball off the outside half to the fielder. Just a little more power and that would have been another six. A very tidy cameo from the batsman, the impetus is now there.
2 runs, slower ball outside off, Dhawan pushes this to the 30-yard circle at point, and calls two early, and makes it too. That is the big side of the ground.
no run, googly, tossed up outside off, the batsman was shaping to drive it through the covers, adjusted his bat swing at the last moment and pushed it back to the bowler.
1 run, length at leg stump, flicked to deep square.
1 run, short of a length, into the wicket, worked to square leg for one.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length, pulled down to long-on for one.
no run, full on off, and he tries to drive towards cover. Takes the inside edge and trickles down to short fine leg. Darting throw from the fielder to the non-striker's, but Kishan's safe.
1 run, slower ball at a good length, hangs deep and tucks it to deep midwicket off the back foot.
OUT, the bowler shows he is good enough even with the wet ball. the batsman has been impatient all over, looking to take him down early. He looks to clear long-on as this is flighted invitingly again, and it dips and turns to take a massive edge for Morris to run in from long-on and catch.
1 run, full at middle stump, driven straight and splits the stumps at the other end. Dube was a couple of yards out if the bowler had got a hand on that.
1 run, full and quick at leg stump, flicked to deep backward square.
no run, chops the ball off the back foot to point and say no.
OUT, picks out deep backward square leg. Fullish but not quite full enough, the batsman Singh gets down to sweep and crunches it off the middle but straight into the hands of the fielder.
1 run, length ball, drags a pull with no timing to long-on.
1 run, slower short ball in the corridor. Climbs on top of it and dabs to backward poit.
OUT, beaten in the flight. It takes a lot to do that with a wet ball. the bowler manages to do that. the batsman skips down the wicket to try to go over extra cover again, but the ball drops on him to fall short of where he is expecting it to. And then it rips past his bat to give de Villiers a regulation stumping.
1 run, goes for the wide yorker outside off, and the reverse sweep does not come off. He did get bat to ball, but the shot comes off the bat's back. Trickles down to point.
1 run, hits the yorker length, the batsman knocks it down to long-on.
1 run, googly outside off, the batsman comes forward, smothers the spin and pushes it to the leg side for one.
1 run, walks down the pitch and turns this length ball to deep midwicket.
1 wide, bowls on a length. Wide down leg side.
1 run, low full toss at off stump, leans in and flicks to deep square.
2 leg byes, was there glove on that? Sloppy glovework from Dhoni. Back of a length down leg, off the pad as the batsman misses a flick. Dhoni dives to his left, but the ball pops out for some leg byes.
OUT, taken at mid-on! RCB falling apart! Short and pushed across him outside off. Looks for the pull and slices it straight up for Bishnoi who sets up and watches and watches and watches before taking it calmly.
FOUR runs, another lovely shot. Just short of a length, he stays back and punches this along the ground past the man diving at cover-point.
nan
FOUR runs, misfield from long-on after he makes the ground to his right. It's a full ball on middle stump, he plonks the front leg out and drives firmly against the turn. A tumble and a hand from the fielder, but not quite a stop.
OUT, caught at the long-off boundary came down the track to hit over the top, but gets only the toe-end of the bat. The ball travel more high than far and drops into long-off's waiting hands, stretched out over his head and caught cleanly while not over-balancing to go beyond the rope. RCB are not out of it yet, though Mumbai should still be favoured to win from here. He was trying to hit with the turn, but the ball perhaps spun a bit more than he budgeted for.
1 run, dropped by the bowler himself. the batsman tries to hit a big six but gets a massive top edge towards straight cover. the bowler calls it for himself even though he is running back. Might have been better off letting the guy running in take this. Doesn't even get a hand on it.
no run, the bowler is claiming a run-out here. the batsman down the wicket to drive this straight, the bowler dives to his right, and claims to have got a finger on it, and the ball hits the stumps at the non-striker's. It has taken us a hundred replays to establish that it hasn't hit his finger. Rather, in the words of the third umpire, there is no conclusive evidence he touched it. Ruled not-out. And I think Williamson was back anyway. Animated discussion between Kohli and the on-field umpire.
no run, slower ball, fullish outside off, but the batsman's through his drive too early. Mistimed to cover.
1 run, good length on off, that was a slower ball (by the bowler standards, just 123 kph) and the batsman squirts it to point.
1 run, slider, full outside off, he drives to deep cover.
2 runs, another wrong'un to greet him, goes deep in his crease to work it away through backward square leg.
SIX runs, sliced over sweeper cover. Full and wide outside off, hangs leg side and low of that and then opens the face and lifts it over the off side.
SIX runs, enough patting it around. the batsman clears the front leg in wait of the full slow ball outside off and creams it over the cover boundary.
1 run, short of a length, straightens around off, backs away and punches to point.
FOUR runs, fuller ball, and he flicks this one and gets it to the right of the man at midwicket. Great timing, and placement.
1 run, pulled but no control, good stop by Bhuvi, throwing himself to his right to half-stop.
no run, back of length on middle and leg, the batsman pushes it down to mid-off.
no run, full toss which angles in as he looks to flick, beaten. Hit high on the pad.
2 runs, short of a length, and pulled past that square leg for two more.
1 run, short of a length, wicket to wicket, but the batsman makes room to push this past point for one.
no run, back of a length on leg, and tapped away to midwicket. Rohit stops that.
FOUR runs, short and wide, and the batsman upper-cuts it away over point. Wide of square third man too.
FOUR runs, flat on middle and leg, the batsman backs away and slaps the ball over cover. Flat-batted glory for the batsman. Bludgeoning both lengths.
no run, length at middle stump, gets deep in the crease and pokes this to midwicket.
1 run, takes a step towards the off side and sweeps it hard against the spin to deep midwicket.
1 run, rocks back to cut a shortish delivery to the sweeper cover.
1 run, length on middle, uses his wrists to turn it around towards midwicket and they scamper a single.
1 run, back of a length and angling across off, 99ks, slapped away to sweeper cover.
1 run, full outside off, and the batsman gets to the pitch of this delivery. Smothers it off his pads to square leg thereafter.
no run, back of length on the stumps, punches it towards the bowler.
1 run, slider, short wide outside off, punched down to long-off for one.
OUT, full on off, and in his arc! the batsman swings through, and hits it flat to wide long-on, but Pandey's in the deep! Takes the catch, but lobs it up as he's going over the line, then comes back, and finally completes the catch. Classic T20 catch.
SIX runs, slower length ball wide of off stump, and the batsman gets a big stride out and fetches a slog-sweep all the way over the wide long-on boundary.
OUT, bye bye. Bizarre over. Bizarre cricket. A slower ball at length outside off. Umesh looks to slug it to Commercial Street. He can only find Billings, 20 yards in from the boundary at deep midwicket.
1 run, length ball on leg, and worked off his hips to deep midwicket for a walking single.
1 run, run down to third man for one.
FOUR runs, swats it to the midwicket boundary. Slower ball at a length outside off, crouches and gets this slog along the floor between deep midwicket and long-on.
1 wide, drifts it in down the leg side again.
1 run, punches a length ball down towards long on.
no run, ends the over with a full delivery. Straight on middle and leg, and the batsman shuffles behind to tap it back to the bowler. Tidy start for KKR.
1 run, full outside off, blocked to mid-off for a run. Nicely bowled from the bowler.
no run, short of a length, wide, punched to cover.
no run, beaten. Another googly. This one spinning into the corridor from back of a length. He goes for the late cut - even though a slip is there - and misses.
no run, quicker on off, driven to mid-off.
no run, length, off stump, pushed into the covers.
no run, flat offbreak turning towards off stump, jabbed to midwicket.
SIX runs, full on middle, right under the batsman's bat, right where he wants it and he is bringing Mumbai back into the contest. Hammered down the ground for another flat six.
OUT, slower ball, it loops off the bat and settles in the SRH captain's hands at short midwicket. Sunrisers are breaking out of jail again. Should Bhuvneshwar Kumar worry about his place in the XI now? They're making mincemeat of a top batting line-up without him. Case in point, this special little variation, having the batsman reach in front of him for a flick shot and making the ball kick up off the pitch to ping off the high part of the bat and into safe hands.
2 runs, back of a length on leg stump, the batsman turns it to deep midwicket and makes it 20 off the over. That's 38 in two. Kings XI are on their way.
1 run, shortish, angling into the stumps, pulled to deep midwicket.
no run, swinging away from just outside off, the batsman goes back and defends towards cover point.
1 run, tossed up outside off, worked to long-on with the spin.
OUT, he finds long-on. Warner tracks it to his right, stretches to take it and drops to the floor to complete it all. It's full and into middle stump. Clears the front leg and looks for the slog, but gets no elevation on it. It's a big boundary and Warner takes it well inside as it dips to his right.
FOUR runs, gets the line wrong, it's full outside off, tickled away to fine leg neatly put away from the batsman.
2 runs, slower ball, dances down the track to meet it on the half-volley and drives fluently through extra cover for a couple. Long-off runs around to field it.
FOUR runs, caressed past point. Looks like a slower ball. Short and just outside off. Waits on it and rolls the wrists over that late cut to get it to point's right.
no run, length, swings into him, and he gets behind the line to defend.
no run, length ball on the pads, looks to play a pick-up shot but misses and is struck on the pads.
1 run, works this length ball into the leg side for an easy single.
OUT, caught off the glove trying to sweep! the bowler does it again. He's down to sweep from off the stumps, it catches the glove and pops up, Rahane runs from slip behind the keeper to complete the catch.
1 run, slower short ball, the batsman pulls, gets just the single.
1 run, low full-toss wide of off, stabbed away to deep point.
no run, big appeal for lbw, it appears. Pins the batsman deep in the crease with a good length ball. Raps the top of his knee flap at a leg stump line. Not out.
FOUR runs, reaches out to carve this yorker-length delivery outside off to beat square third man. Handy runs these for RCB, all it's doing is reducing the margin of defeat though.
FOUR runs, length outside off, bit of width and the batsman takes full toll, cutting it delicately late past short third-man.
1 run, right into the blockhole again, squeezes this to third man. Superb end to an over that started off badly.
no run, back of a length and outside off, the batsman punches to short cover.
1 run, full and wide outside off, slashed out to deep backward point.
no run, length ball wide of off, not full enough for the cover drive when the offcutter grips and turns like that. Beats the outside edge again.
no run, back of a length on off, punched on the up but straight to cover.
no run, that's how the batsman plays the short deliveries. Gets outside the line and tries to hit short deliveries over point. Misses.
no run, the batsman backs away to punch a length ball to cover. No room, no time for him to manipulate the field. Another excellent over from the bowler inside the Powerplay.
1 run, fuller around off, comes forward and drives it towards long-on.
1 run, fetches the pull from outside off, down to deep square.
no run, short of a length, no room, bottom edge on the attempted cut.
no run, good length, another cutter outside off. Gets forward and opens the face to find backward point.
1 run, short of a length outside off, shuffles and flicks to deep midwicket.
1 run, short ball this time and he slap-pulls it to long-on.
no run, a bit quicker, and he's caught on the crease, ends up jabbing it back. Great comeback by the bowler after a six off the first ball.
no run, full and straight, hit back hard, but the bowler gets a hand on it and the deflection goes to a fielder.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. This is dreamy batting. It is a length ball at 100ks, not too wide, and yet the batsman bends his back knee to create his own length, and late-cuts this for four.
1 run, fuller outside off, he slaps a drive along the ground to long off.
2 runs, flat on middle, swept away through backward square leg.
no run, struck on the front pad but probably pitched outside leg! Parthiv keeps getting his front pad across and with the movement on offer, he could be in trouble sooner or later.
no run, full and angling in, raps the pad and heading down leg, as the angle clearly suggests.
no run, slightly slower, slightly higher, driven to extra cover.
2 runs, fuller on the stumps, driven inside out towards extra cover, Raina misfields and allows two runs.
1 run, full and outside off again, driven to long-off again.
2 runs, good length and in at the stumps, clipped to long-on's right.
1 run, stands tall and punches this to cover point.
1 run, short around off, tries to pull and gets an under edge to deep square leg.
no run, length outside off, the batsman tries to chop it away but is cramped for room beaten on the inside edge.
no run, back of a length and climbs on off, the batsman ventures deep in the crease and fends it off.
1 run, short outside off, and cut off the backfoot to cover. Continues to rotate his strike.
SIX runs, Biggie! Good length on middle, and the batsman goes down on one knee, and swats this away over deep midwicket! Hit so well that it lands 10 rows back.
1 run, very full outside off, the batsman opens the bat face and carves a ball to deep cover for one.
1 run, length ball, that he lofts towards mid off, and they take on Steyn's arm. He has a shy at the striker's end, but misses. Russell could have been gone!.
no run, shorter and spins in, forced off the back foot to cover.
SIX runs, uses his feet to get to the pitch of the ball, and goes over long on. Not hit off the middle, but good enough from the batsman.
FOUR runs, on the pads again, his time the batsman flicks it properly and over midwicket to clear the fielders for four.
SIX runs, full toss, on the pads, and he has somehow managed to put this over wide long-on. Not the cleanest of connections.
no run, de Villiers turns himself around into a reverse-slog-sweep, but the ball fizzes past him as he misses the shot.
no run, length, angles across, and he plays it defensively towards point.
1 run, goes back of a length, and pitches on off stump. Rohit stands tall and opens his bat's face, and comfortably runs it down fine to third man. Carefully sees the ball onto his bat.
OUT, an inside-out slap over the off side, but he hasn't got enough on this, and holes out to deep point! Comfortably snaffled by the sub Chahar.
FOUR runs, ramp this time. the bowler bowls a length ball, short of a length, and the batsman goes deep in the crease to send this over short fine leg.
no run, length, flat and fired in again, pushed back to the bowler.
1 leg bye, quick length ball, beats him for pace, hits the pad, but can't stop the leg-bye.
OUT, taken by Unadkat running in from deep square leg the batsman hadn't looked fluent, and he gets a top edge to this intended pull. The ball hangs in the air long enough for Unadkat to run in and take a tumbling catch. Just reward for the bowler who has bowled well without luck so far.
FOUR runs, ends up giving him a full toss, and the batsman won't be leaving this, no sireebob. Flicks it through forward square leg for four. That is the game.
1 run, back of a length on off, tapped away towards backward point for a quick single. Hit his glove almost. Seems that's the length to bowl here, hit the deck!.
FOUR runs, tickled fine. Umesh struggling once more through the middle. Good length and onto the pads. Hangs deep and gets enough bat on that.
1 run, googly again, on the stumps this time, the batsman goes back and hits it towards long-on.
1 run, back of a length on off, and pulled off the back foot to deep midwicket.
2 runs, full and homing in on middle, tucked away through square leg for a couple of runs.
no run, on-pace, fuller, nearly a yorker, and slightly down leg. Surya early into the flick. Beaten and hit on the toe.
no run, zips past the edge again. This was short and wide, and the batsman was looking for the horizontal-bat slap through point.
1 run, opens the face to a short-of-a-length delivery, 137kph, and scampers the run to short third man.
1 run, short, spinning away, he mistimes the cut to cover but gets across for a quick single.
1 run, flat, quick, on off, punched to long-off for one.
1 run, short of a length, punched away for one.
1 run, punched down the ground for a single straight away.
SIX runs, slower ball from Sran, picked up way too early. It's a leg side line, and the batsman gets the front leg out of the way and mows it over backward square leg. The most expensive KXIP over this season.
1 run, slower ball, low full toss, driven to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, oh finally some luck for KXIP. Pinpoint yorker, the batsman makes room, gets an inside edge past the keeper. Oh sweet relief, they must be thinking.
1 run, short and wide, reaches out for a cut to deep point.
1 run, the batsman runs down the track and hacks it off the inside half to the leg side.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, flashed to backward point.
1 wide, slower ball, wide outside off, left alone.
FOUR runs, good length outside off, leaps off the floor and awkwardly lands on one foot, but in the meantime he's also got the smoothest of back foot punches through the covers.
FOUR runs, and again! Slow, full and wide again, the batsman drives uppishly this time, almost chipping it in the air, and it's gone to the same place for four more.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven along the floor to sweeper cover.
1 run, short, the turn gives the batsman lots of width, slapped to the man at deep point.
OUT, taken at short extra cover! Oh boy, the shot selection is just not showing up today. Short of a length and across, once again. Too far away from him for him to be attempting a flick. Does it anyway, closes the face too early. It pings right off the edge and is taken by Agarwal.
1 wide, harsh call. the batsman has shuffled across, the bowler bowls a yorker that starts in front of the stumps and swings down leg. Just misses the leg stump.
1 run, another well-executed yorker, on middle stump, and all the batsman can do is stab it back to the bowler with a straight bat. Dives left in his follow-through to stop it, can't quite keep it within his reach, and they sneak a single, but the bigger issue is the bowler, who looks to be in a bit of pain, clutching his left chest/shoulder area. I hope this isn't anything serious. He's back on his feet, and the physio has a hand on his back as he trudges off the field.
no run, length on middle, tucked away straight to short fine-leg, missed out on a boundary opportunity there.
FOUR runs, straight this time and just short of the boundary. Another good length delivery with some marginal movement away. Half a stride this time and a deliberate attempt to loft this straight and aerially.
OUT, the bowler is so good at teasing them out. the batsman has been tied up for so long that he throws his arms at the first ball tossed up. the bowler is a wily bowler. Not only does he toss this up over his eyeline, he bowls it wide of his reach. All the batsman manages to do is hole out to long-off.
1 run, short of a length, wide outside off. Cut to sweeper cover.
no run, angled across, well wide of the stumps but inside the tramlines. 143 kph, left alone by the batsman.
1 run, given some air, on a length, the batsman pushes it to long-on off the front foot.
no run, good length outside off, and angling into him. Carved off the back foot to cover point, but the non-striker sends the batsman back.
FOUR runs, full on middle and leg, and he comes down the wicket almost like a ballet dancer. Simple skip, and then lifted inside out over extra cover. Can watch that all day.
1 run, back of a length outside off, opens the face to third man.
1 run, short outside off, anticipating the charge, the batsman rocks back and cuts it past point for one.
no run, fuller outside off, goes for the reverse paddle but misses.
1 run, length ball on middle, and worked off the back foot to midwicket. Nobody there, so they walk across for a single.
1 run, the batsman steps out, change-up, short and outside off, the batsman leaps and chops through covers.
2 runs, drills this straight to mid-off, there's a misfield from Umesh to concede two when it should've been a dot. The Sydney harbour bridge.
1 run, touch short outside off, punched to deep point for an easy single.
1 run, starts off with a slow flighted delivery, pushed to deep cover for one.
no run, a wide length ball, he toe-ends the drive.
no run, hardly moves his feet and steers the ball straight to point.
1 run, full toss outside off, the batsman gets an outside edge to short third-man and it's only a single. The capitals continue to squeeze.
SIX runs, over long-off! How quickly things can change, the batsman catches up in two balls, drives through the line of a fuller delivery outside off handsomely struck.
no run, good length and outside off, the batsman lets it go.
1 wide, slower ball gone wrong, way outside off.
1 run, slower ball outside off, uses his wrists to push it to deep cover.
1 run, length, and he picks it up and gets it down to long on.
1 run, good length on middle, and that's been mistimed to square leg.
OUT, taken at short third man! Another indicator that the batsman did not read Piyush the bowler. A legbreak on middle and off, the batsman looks for a reverse sweep, takes a thick leading edge and lobs to short third man. Legspin comes with extra revolutions and very very often top edges too.
OUT, given! Back of a length on off again, and angling in. This ball, nearly 149kph, snakes off the pitch and takes the outside of the batsman's bat as he tries to loft it over cover. QdK ain't missing that, and Ravindra Jadeja walks in at No. 7.
no run, slider, short of a length. the batsman cuts but he doesn't have the pace to work with. Hits this to point.
2 runs, dropped at deep square! Sandeep gets under the ball and gets shaky hands to put down a simple chance. Length ball on leg stump. looks for the uppish flick and lobs it straight up. He crouches in the end and possibly loses balance as a result. Should have taken that standing.
no run, on a length, outside off, push-driven to short extra cover.
FOUR runs, beautiful! Full, too wide outside off, and he check-drives a shot through the covers! Four men inside the circle on the off side, but Sarfaraz pierces the tiny gap.
1 run, closes the face to a legbreak and gets a leading edge to backward point.
1 wide, wide outside off, past that guide line, and it is called.
no run, the bowler closes it out with an off-stump yorker, squirted back to the bowler.
1 run, yorker on off, but manages to squeeze this away to deep midwicket. Late tail into his toes, but well negated by the batsman.
no run, oh misses out. Short, wide, cut away hard, but finds the man at point.
1 run, goes back, waits for the way the ball will turn, in the end it actually doesn't, so he's able to get on top of it and knock it down to long-on.
2 runs, offbreak, on a length, into the pads, placed between deep square and deep midwicket.
no run, quick, skidding on outside off, and the batsman tucks it back to the bowler.
1 run, quicker, into the pads, gets a single to long leg.
OUT, the batsman gets no power. He is expecting the yorker, so he goes deep into the crease to turn this full ball into a half-volley, but manages no timing in the slog. Caught at long-on.
no run, nicely bowled by the bowler, keeping his line straight and giving the batsman no more room to work with.
2 runs, short of a length and up at middle stump. Mistimed pulled again. Off the high part of the bat and to Mavi's left at deep midwicket. That's fifty.
no run, just short of catching point! Slow, short of a length and turning away outside off. Cut on the bounce to the fielder lunging forward.
1 run, good length and outside off, squirted to deep third man for one.
1 run, squeezes this drive to mid-off as they scamper a quick single.
FOUR runs, steps out and slaps it on the up. Peak the batsman. Short of a good length and wide outside off. the batsman will enjoy the bowler's bowling, because he skids it on. And this skids on and sits up and he gets it on the rise to the wide long-off boundary.
1 run, googly on middle, the batsman clips it to deep squareleg for one.
1 run, short of a length outside off, backs away and chops to sweeper cover.
no run, slow legbreak again, defended to leg.
no run, length, angles away, and he misses out with a tentative poke.
3 leg byes, googly at a good length, down leg side, edge on the attempted flick. It's past the keeper and then Khaleel puts in a valiant sprint and reaches out to drag that in with his left arm. He's diving onto his right hip, but going at this leading with his left hand. He drags it in as his head is about to smash into the boundary padding, and then, somehow, manages to nutmeg himeself and keep that in as his left leg is lifted! Brilliant effort. He was running back from short fine and short third was around to pick up his flick.
no run, length ball on off, and angling in once more. the batsman adjusts on this occasion, and nudges it off his body towards the leg side. Doesn't look comfortable at all.
no run, flatter ball, and he goes back and plays this defensively. Takes a little of the outside edge and runs away towards first slip.
no run, driven firmly but straight to extra cover.
1 run, a flat legbreak at almost 94km/h is eased out to the cover sweeper for a single.
FOUR runs, low full toss outside off, and that's been drilled over cover! One-bounce four, and the Royals dugout celebrates. Tried to bowl the quicker one, but missed his length.
1 run, faster one again. Length ball angling into his body, and drilled to long on once more.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length and just outside off. Mistimed pull to deep square.
FOUR runs, that's a very clever shot, a touch wider outside off, short of a length, angles it fine of short third man.
no run, appeal for obstructing the field. The third umpire wants to know if the batsman has seen the throw and changed his direction. This is pushed down the ground, Deshpnade gets a hand to it, which is why Samson sends him back. the batsman runs between the throw from mid-on and the wicket, but he has not changed his direction to come in the way of the ball. But he has changed his direction beforehand to come in the way of where the direct hit will travel. Cheeky, and not-out.
no run, good length on middle, the batsman goes back in his crease and pulls, but can't go past midwicket.
1 run, good length outside off, and spinning further away. the batsman cuts furiously past point. Played to the man in the deep.
SIX runs, clobbered! A throwdown type overpitched ball at middle stump. Don't do that to the batsman in this format. Front leg out of the way and no nuance about this - a big slog over midwicket.
2 runs, good length and some shape away outside off, jumps into the line of that and clips it to mid-on's right.
FOUR runs, cracking shot given room outside off, a bit short and he stands tall, and unleashes a cover drive with a flowing backlift to bisect the field.
FOUR runs, low full toss on middle, the batsman smokes it past long-on. One-bounce over the boundary. But is it a boundary too late?.
no run, good length and into leg stump, pushed to midwicket off the back foot.
1 wide, short and wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, back of a length and angling away outside off, run away through point.
1 run, full, around off, pushed down the ground.
SIX runs, some release for Royals, finally. Down the track, not quite to the pitch of the bowler's carrom ball. Goes through with the straight loft nonetheless, and slices it a little, but that helps get it wider of long-off, Gill, who dives left at the rope, gets his hands to it, but can't hold on or flick it back into the field of play.
1 run, short of a length, straight, tucked away to square leg for one.
OUT, backs away and clobbers this straight to long-off. the bowler bowled this just slightly wide outside off as he saw the batsman backing away, he went through with the stroke but didn't hit this off the middle and Finch takes an excellent catch moving to his left at long-off.
no run, nearly a yorker, the batsman drives down the ground, and has hit it too hard to mid-off to be coming through for one.
1 run, slower ball dug in short outside off. Hangs back in the crease and slaps it towards long-on.
1 run, yorker, middle and leg, he opens the front leg, digs it out for a single to fine leg.
1 run, good length on off, goes onto the back foot, and carves it square to the man in the deep.
2 runs, full on leg stump, and that's the short arm jab from the batsman. Excellent timing off the bat, but the fielder in the deep puts in the hard yards.
no run, full on off stump, and the batsman's on the back foot. Fended with soft hands.
1 wide, full and very wide outside off. He tries to drive away from his body but can't connect. Pant's not happy that's been called a wide.
1 run, length ball on middle and leg, punched towards mid-on.
1 run, would have been a wide had the batsman not cut this straight to deep cover.
FOUR runs, gently lofted wide of mid-off. Full and into leg stump. Takes stance down leg side with the stumps exposed and then waits on this drive and opens the face late.
1 run, back of a length outside off, punched to deep cover.
1 run, length around off, Nabi was looking to work it on the leg side, the ball hits the outer half and lobs to the left of extra cover.
1 run, slower, shorter outside off, flashed to sweeper again.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched to extra cover off the back foot.
2 runs, low full toss on the pads, flicked to deep square leg.
1 run, good length, slower ball at leg stump. Inside edge onto thigh, out towards short fine.
no run, full on leg stump, and Rohit tries to defend inside out. Pushed past the bowler's left to mid off.
2 runs, full on middle, and he's down on one knee to sweep it behind square. Deep backward square cleans up.
1 run, length on off, pushed to deep cover and that gives Dhawan a shot at his maiden IPL hundred.
SIX runs, this ain't no pinch-hitter. It's a naught full toss and the batsman doesn't cross bat swat it away, or heave. He lofts the ball over mid-off because the fielder is inside the circle. Sensational ball-striking.
SIX runs, boom! Straight over the bowler. Length outside off, big stride, big swing you know how it goes, right?.
1 wide, another bouncer, 148ks, but he has gone too high with it.
1 run, another slower ball, full and onto the pads. Flicked to deep square.
2 runs, just wide of extra cover. Good length and rising up in the corridor, his attempted back foot punch is aerial as the bat turns in his hands.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, under-edge on the pull to deep square.
no run, sounds like that's a dropped catch. Short and wide outside off, steps out and is forced to cut because he's not to the pitch. And yes, there is an edge that pops out of Rahul's gloves.
1 run, length delivery on leg, tucked away square of the wicket for one.
1 run, overpitched just outside off, but defended to cover off the front foot. Sees the over out carefully before the mandatory time out.
FOUR runs, that's just as good! He's looking a million dollars at the moment. Stays still this time, drives with a slightly open face and threads the gap through the covers, wide of long-off. Such timing.
1 run, slower and fuller on middle, the batsman times this down the ground, long-off cuts it off.
no run, wrong'un, short of a length, the turn takes it away from his reach, and he ends up playing it back to him.
1 run, waits for the turn off a length and works this towards deep midwicket.
no run, a googly from Rashid, stays back and taps it towards short midwicket.
1 run, slower through the air and outside off, not much turn, the batsman is early into the paddle-sweep. He ends up scooping it over the keeper's head.
no run, the bowler continues to tease Rohit. Full outswinger, pitches on and around off and zips away past the bat.
FOUR runs, short on middle, pulled flat and hard and along the ground, bisecting deep midwicket and deep squareleg to perfection.
1 run, shorter length, he tucks this to midwicket to bring a nice half-century. He's played very nicely.
1 run, hangs back and cuts the shortish delivery outside off behind point.
1 run, the bowler shortens his length after that last ball, the batsman stays in his crease and cuts it away to deep cover.
1 wide, strays down leg, wide.
1 run, backing away again to give himself room and pull through the legside, but the bowler follows him and the batsman ends up mis-timing his pull to midwicket.
no run, round the stumps comes the bowler, the batsman tapping softly to cover.
no run, slower ball, on a length, defended back to him.
1 run, really full on leg stump, hangs back and whips it to deep square leg.
SIX runs, goes straight, and clears the ropes. Didn't get to the pitch but went through and timed the hell out of that.
no run, shuffles across early and chops his cut at this short delivery.
1 leg bye, shaped to play a slog sweep, lobbed off the pad to short fine leg. Moeen got away with that.
no run, steps out, Umesh shortens his length. Now Dhawan looks to flay over point but is beaten.
1 run, that's too short, easy enough to read off the pitch. A stock delivery on middle and leg, worked to square leg.
OUT, Seventeen-year-old the bowler bursts through the gate of the batsman. He unfurls a googly from the back of the hand. It pitches outside off and zips back in sharply, the batsman has no clue about this variation. He drives and has his stumps rattled. the bowler hits the top of middle. What a ripper from the bowler. This game is on.
1 run, ooh the ball's already turning. pitches on a length outside off and holds up, Parthiv ends up getting it off the top half of the bat down to long of with a horizontal bat.
1 run, given some air on the stumps, he stays still and slaps it to deep extra cover.
no run, good length and into leg stump. Looks to flick and cops that on the thigh.
1 run, fuller now, angling away from off stump. Looks for the lofted hit over mid-off, ends up slicing it in the air, and on the bounce, to third man.
2 runs, shortish on middle and leg, whipped into the gap at deep midwicket.
1 run, works this off his hip towards the man coming in from wide long on.
2 runs, short and cramps the batsman for room, hauls a pull to deep midwicket.
no run, good length and jags back in on off, played back to the bowler.
1 run, finds the single now to bring Pollard on strike. Soft hands, into the leg side.
1 run, hangs back and punches the googly down the ground to long-on.
1 run, full outside off, the batsman comes charging and drives to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, the batsman shuffles across early, then makes room, gets a length ball and lofts it over mid-on. Not the cleanest of connections but enough on it to clear mid-on.
no run, short of a length just outside off, thick edge on the cut. Straight to point.
1 run, pulled from outside off to deep midwicket.
no run, yorker. Perfect. the batsman can't do more than get his front toe out of the way and dig this out.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, backs away and chops to extra cover's left.
1 run, full inswinging yorker at leg stump, jammed into the covers.
FOUR runs, looped up outside off, the batsman ventures down the track, takes a half-volley and belts it over midwicket.
1 run, a length ball, angling in, worked to leg for one.
1 run, full outside off, gets forward and flicks to deep midwicket.
no run, good length and into the pads, flicked to short fine leg.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and this time there's some extra bounce. the batsman works it towards square leg, and that's the time out.
1 run, length ball outside off, looks to drive with no feet. Thick outside edge between backward point and short third.
FOUR runs, he's collecting runs everywhere and in every fashion. Wide full toss outside off as draw made room, he went hard at it and got a thick outside edge, fine enough on the off side for four more.
SIX runs, full on the pads and nonchalantly chipped over deep midwicket! Did he even mean to hit that for six? Regardless, it sailed over the fence with as much grace with which the stroke was played.
1 run, loopy full toss, he drives to long off.
1 run, short of a length, straight, he pulls this to deep square leg for one.
1 run, good length on off, and the batsman shuffles across to the off side and works it off his pads to backward square leg.
FOUR runs, and now behind square on the off side. Predictable again, Khaleel. Short of a length at middle and off. Backs away once more and rolls his wrists on top of this, cuts into the floor, beats point to the right.
1 run, good length and just outside off, patted to deep midwicket off the back foot.
no run, short and wide outside off, beaten on the cut.
1 run, lobbed up gently, good length and wide outside off. Reaches out and chops to sweeper cover.
3 runs, full and straight, the batsman sweeps it flat and hard to the right of deep midwicket. Billings tears to his right, slides, knocks the ball away. The ball still rolls away towards the boundary. Billings then brings out another slide and swats the ball into play. Great commitment from Billings. Yes, a CSK fielder slides not once but twice.
FOUR runs, starts off with a short delivery with loads of width and the batsman throws his hands at it and gets an outside edge through third man.
1 run, charges down the pitch but sees Umesh shorten his length, just taps it gently into the off side and scampers a run.
1 wide, slower ball, dips late and sneaks down the leg side.
SIX runs, the bowler has to be a sucker for punishment. He is not looking to shorten his length, Just keeps up rolling these into his arc, and Boutros Boutros Ghali, the batsman loves it in the slot. Another straight six.
no run, good length and tight at middle stump, defended off the back foot.
FOUR runs, handsomely clipped through midwicket. Full and swung marginally towards slip, but it's started on a leg stump line. Gentle, float half-volley and he holds a lovely shape as he closes the face on it.
1 run, makes room, slaps through the line, straight back at the bowler, who half-stops in his followthrough as they jog the single.
1 wide, beaten. And perhaps a harsh wide ball. Slower short ball, just around the tramline. the batsman has made too much room for the cut.
no run, spears it into the pads and it slips down leg while the batsman tries to flick.
1 run, short of a length, hit straight to mid-off, decides to take the quick single and makes it in what seems like 10 strides.
no run, drifts in from wide of the crease, defended to the leg side.
no run, length ball outside off, zips up as the batsman shapes to play a cover drive on the up. Flies through to the keeper at chest height.
no run, on a length, into the pads, flicked away to leg, but straight to midwicket.
no run, skidding through on the back foot from round the wicket.
1 run, full toss at the thigh, flicked out to deep square.
no run, comes down the pitch again, short of a length, swings to the leg side and this time it takes a bottom edge towards Dhoni.
no run, good length and wide awayswinger. Slashes at that and is beaten.
SIX runs, the batsman takes on the loose ball. His fifth fifty comes up with a pull off a rank long hop. This is just a gift.
no run, shortish, a googly that spins away, the batsman knocks it to point.
FOUR runs, that is the batsman. That is why love the batsman. He sees there is no fielder at fine leg so he goes across, gets on a knee, and sweeps a length ball right to that long leg for four.
no run, good carry from just short of a length outside off. Left alone by the batsman.
1 run, short of a length at the hips, whipped with the angle to fine leg.
1 run, fuller ball, and he tries to go for the scoop, but plays it on to his body. They set off for a quick single, and Bhuvi gets to this, but cannot strike the stumps at the other end.
1 run, whips this length ball from outside off to square leg. There's a direct hit at the bowler's end from Umesh but the batsman is in.
1 run, tossed up, just outside off, and the batsman's tempted to hit it straight. Played on the up, but lands just short of long off!.
no run, length on middle and leg, wristed to midwicket.
1 run, full on middle, makes room and pushes it to long-off.
OUT, taken at long-on. The plan's come off. the batsman reaching out for the slog sweep as the bowler tosses it up slow and at a length outside off. Can't manage to get the power on that to clear the boundary.
FOUR runs, scorcher! Too much width and he reaches out to open the bat face ever-so-slightly to play this delightful square drive.
no run, drills this straight to mid-off.
1 run, makes room and punches this short delivery to deep point.
OUT, taken at midwicket. It's Garg again, and he had a long long way to run to take this. Good length ball just outside off, looked to slog that on the rise, got it off the inside part of the toe-end of the bat. Garg ran in from the boundary to his right and was still sprinting as he stretched out to his right  and took this near the circle.
2 runs, length outside off, width on offer, the batsman punches it to deep point's left for two.
SIX runs, lifted into the stands beyond wide long on! the batsman steps confidently into a bottom-handed fetch into the leg side, and he gets all of it to send the ball flying 85 metres back and way into the stands.
FOUR runs, checks his shot but he's safe and this is past mid-on's dive. Overpitched on leg stump and he wanted to drive. Once again, he's through it early and withdraws the bottom hand so it doesn't chip up to that fielder. He succeeds.
no run, full on off, and the batsman takes a big stride forward to defend. Firmly played.
1 run, overpitched on middle stump, driven down to long-on.
1 run, slow and short, into the ribs, cramps him up, just a single to long leg.
1 run, the batsman walks across to the off side, glancing off his pads and out to deep square for a single.
1 run, backs away, scythes a shortish ball to deep cover for one.
no run, outside edge as he looks to club this googly straight. Not close to the pitch of it. It trickles out to short third.
1 run, short, and he biffs this away towards midwicket.
3 wide, good length and down leg side, QDK can only manage to parry this towards fine leg.
1 wide, it has thrown the line off a long way. Slower delivery goes waayy outside off for a wide. the batsman been considered chasing and smashing it.
FOUR runs, too full and the batsman says why bother bowling there? An overpitched, hit-me, half-volley outside off. the batsman gently drills the drive through cover for four.
no run, length ball, on middle, and nudged off his pads to the leg side. Timeout.
no run, just past his grasp. Good length at off stump, looks for the flick and closes the face too early. the bowler flies to his right in the follow through and can't get to that.
no run, length on middle, skids onto de Villiers and hits him really high on the bat.
no run, good length at off, big lunge forward to defend to extra cover.
1 run, slower bouncer, around off, dabbed down towards point for a single.
1 run, length at middle stump, pulled off the front foot to long leg.
no run, slid through outside off, shuffles across and clips to midwicket.
no run, short ball on off stump, but stays terribly low! Defended off the back foot.
OUT, the first wicket comes through! Slower ball, straight, and the batsman looks to chip this through midwicket. Bails out at the last moment, and ends up going straight towards mid on. Chris Lynn, with a microphone on him as he speaks to the broadcasters, runs across over his right shoulder and takes a good catch.
1 run, tossed up on the leg stump, the batsman drives it down to mid off.
nan
no run, good length at leg stump line. 143.9kph, cops that on the thigh as he looks to flick.
no run, short of a length, outside off, beaten on the cut. Sharp pace here.
no run, beaten by an inswinger. This is a full toss swinging into the corridor. He looks to whip it but the ball has changed trajectory and beaten the inside edge.
no run, the second bouncer? No, says the square leg umpire. How do bowlers keep getting away with this? Dug in very short, the batsman ducks and looks at the umpire immediately.
2 runs, on middle and leg, flicked off the pads and a bit of misfield gets Rohit two.
no run, full and wide outside off, looks to reach out for the drive and loses balance. Bat turns and this is down the pitch off the inside half.
no run, leading edge as this sticks in the surface, but it doesn't carry to the bowler.
1 run, good length on leg stump, leans in and flicks to deep midwicket.
1 run, oh close. Short of a length googly headed menacingly for off stump as the batsman takes a walk down leg side. Just manages to get the under-edge on the cut.
1 run, slower ball, full on the stumps, Flicked to deep square.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, pushed to long-off.
1 run, floated up on off, turns away a bit, driven down to long-off.
no run, fuller on the stumps, comes forward and flicks, a tumbling stop by short midwicket.
1 run, length outside off, steered to third-man.
OUT, back-to-back. Kathik has played on a spinner again. And once again it is a wide legbreak. Last game it was Chahal, this game it is the bowler. One leggie learning from the other? Slow and wide, the batsman looks to lap it regardless, and only ends up showing the ball the way to his own wicket.
SIX runs, mistimed slog clears long-on. Full slower ball wide outside off. He was deep in the crease again to set up behind this outside off. Was into the swing a little early because of the pace, but he went through with it and it landed quite a way behind long-on.
1 run, outside off, and carved off the front foot to deep extra cover. Chase for the man at the boundary.
FOUR runs, manages to get it fine but he wasn't in control. A good bouncer from the bowler, hurries him at the front shoulder. He wants to hook that but it's off the gloves.
1 wide, short and down leg side. the batsman gets out of the line with an arched back.
OUT, taken at is that short mid-off? Appears so. Full at the stumps, Arshdeep has a crack at the drive, and finds Warner there who takes the catch and pumps his fists. The fist-pump of a captain who's finished the match with two fifth-bowler overs left.
SIX runs, good length outside off, and pulled over deep midwicket! Backed away to show all three stumps, but great connection off the bat.
no run, on a length, 151.4ks, just outside off. Defended solidly.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, flicked to deep square.
FOUR runs, first bad ball of the night from the bowler, punished. Overpitched on the pads and he's flicked this past the diving mid-on fielder.
1 run, length ball, and he whips it off his pads towards deep midwicket.
no run, full and wide outside off. the batsman tries to drive with the bat's open face, but it's mistimed. Straight to point.
2 runs, full toss wide outside off and the batsman laces it through the covers.
1 run, cracked firmly along the ground to long-off. A fine introductory over.
no run, fullish on off, big stride out and driven to short cover.
2 runs, close run-out call at the striker's end. Good length ball at leg stump, tickled to short fine's left. Tiwary dives to his left and only manages to get a hand on that. QDK is standing in front of the stumps as a wide throw comes in. He tries to deflect it backwards and misses. the batsman was well out.
SIX runs, clobbered over cow corner! Slower ball, full outside off, and the batsman has given this an absolute hammering. Stays on the back foot, sees the ball come to him, and then absolutely swings the bat as if it's a katana. Beautiful sound off the bat, and the ball soars into the stands.
1 run, short of a length, pushed to the left of Jadeja at point. A little yes-no creates a run-out chance but the consequent overthrow gets them a single.
OUT, and he ends up with a wicket last ball. Mavi wants to hit a six, the bowler shortens his length and beats him to leave him stranded halfway down the wicket.
FOUR runs, Archer misfields a straightforward take at long-off. Low full toss outside off, driven firmly to Archer's left and he fumbles and lets this between his legs after making the ground.
no run, bowls the low-arm slingy, Jadhav style, the batsman thumps it but can't beat cover.
no run, he's been hurrying the batsmen all along, and he bowls a flat one on that in-between length, on off stump, and gets it to turn towards off stump. Looks to flick and nearly pops back a return catch off the leading edge.
no run, good length and at middle stump. Defended to mid-on off the back foot.
no run, slower ball, and pressure builds and builds for Dhawan. He is beaten on the pull, and it somehow bounces over the stumps.
1 wide, rubbish ball. Full but way outside off, trying to bowl at that wide line to not allow the batsman a swing through the arc.
1 run, good length on middle, and the batsman bunts this square on the leg side. Slogged - but mistimed - to wide long on.
no run, short and wide outside off. Comes on slowly and he can't get power on the cut. It's a tap to point in the end.
OUT, the bowler loops it up outside off and gets it to break away slightly. the batsman stretches out for a slog-sweep. He has to fetch the ball from outside off and hit against the spin. He ends up dragging a catch to wide long-on.
SIX runs, oh what a welcome. Length ball, 148ks, no room, but he has casually and dreamily lofted him over long-on. What an exhibition these two guys are putting on.
no run, length outside off, backs away and looks to pull, finds thin air.
no run, makes room and punches this to Umesh at point.
2 runs, yorker on middle stump, digs it past the non-striker and comes back easily for the second.
no run, fuller, closer to off, respectfully played back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, connects this time. It's the same trajectory - flat and quick - and Suryakumar the batsman sweeps that easily through  backward square leg for four. Just had to get some bat on that.
2 runs, towards the leg side and the batsman covers his stumps to paddle that down and fine on the leg side before the fielder there dives to his right to save two.
SIX runs, the batsman keeps playing his shots. He's probably read (and been angered by) our article questioning his place in the side. Down the track, and a shortish length on off stump ends up as a length he can lift over the bowler's head, to mid-off's right.
FOUR runs, drops it short and into the body. the batsman uses the angle as he stays tall and swats this past short fine.
no run, low full toss on off, and he punches a shot straight back to the bowler. Missed opportunity.
OUT, the bowler does it again. Slows it down, tempts the batsman, and he skips down to try to go for a straight six. The ball drift away a little, and is also slow in the air, and he gets only the toe end on this. Ends up skying it.
1 run, low low full toss. Good enough execution. Just the single to deep midwicket.
2 runs, slower and fuller outside off, slapped to deep cover as they hare back for the second.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. Curran goes for the wide yorker, and misses it by inches. the batsman short-arms this with an open face, over point for four more.
2 runs, waits for the turn on this googly as he works it to deep midwicket. This was on the shorter side, so the batsman had enough time to adjust and play it off the backfoot.
no run, good length on middle stump, pushed back to the bowler off the front foot.
1 run, digs it in short, the batsman stays in his crease and fetches it from outside off to pull to deep square leg.
1 run, back of a length on off, and the ball takes some extra bounce. Hardik punches off the back foot to long on.
SIX runs, short again, the batsman gets the desired bounce, uses the depth of the crease and pulls it over deep squareleg.
1 run, good length, off stump, he drives on the up wide of mid off for a single.
1 run, thumped to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, full, but misses the yorker length. He makes room, and smashes this over long off!.
1 run, wrong'un, from outside off, he gets an inside edge on it for one.
1 run, tossed up on middle and leg, he defends with a big stride forward. The ball rolls off a thick inside edge and they take a quick single.
no run, googly, spinning sharply, he's back and defending.
FOUR runs, pretends to make room outside leg. The bowler lands it around the yorker outside off. the batsman jumps in line with it, gets low, and scoops it over fine leg. Also, while running down the pitch, trying to take a single. he collides with the bowler.
no run, good length just outside off, defended to point from the crease.
no run, fullish on off, punched to cover.
SIX runs, finished with six. Flat and wide outside off, CdG lofts the ball nicely and cleanly over cover. No stopping that, into the stands.
2 runs, full and on off stump, Rohit can't quite get underneath the length. He slices it up and over mid-off.
FOUR runs, past short third man! Short and into the body this time. Walks into the leg side to make room and gets the late cut where he wanted.
1 run, steps out and mistimes this flat-batted hit down to long on.
2 runs, on a length, quick, angling across him, pushed between point and cover-point, and he comes back for two.
1 wide, off-side wide.
no run, shortish, not enough room to cut. Jabbed to backward point.
no run, short and across off stump, looks to hammer that on the rise and is beaten.
OUT, taken at third man this was bowled wide of off stump and Parthiv had a slash at it, gets it off the toe end where it loops high in the air and settles into third man's hands.
OUT, chopped it on! Arm ball again! A lot slower this time, but just as effective because it's short of a length. He gets on the back foot to try and play the late cut, but he's right in front of the stumps with an angled bat and he can only get it onto the stumps off the under-edge.
1 run, tossed up, and he pushes this down towards deep midwicket.
1 run, swivels on the back foot and pulls it down to long leg.
1 run, full and angling into a little chip to the leg side. the batsman averts the hat-trick.
no run, full outside off, driven straight to backward point.
no run, fired in flat on leg stump, defended back down the pitch, keeping the front pad out of the way.
no run, 131 kph, good length on off, blocked back. This has been special from  the bowler. Interesting move from KW to keep him going too.
1 run, flat length ball on middle and leg, punched down to long-on.
1 run, offcutter at a length on leg stump, forcefully whipped out to deep backward square.
no run, another knuckle ball, another swing and miss outside off.
1 run, short of a good length on leg, punched to long-on's right off the back foot.
no run, angles one in close to the stumps, Vijay defends towards Miller, who swoops in from point.
no run, good length, pitching on middle and spinning across, he moves across too and taps it into the leg side.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and cutting hard to deep cover-point.
no run, good length on off stump, punched into the covers.
1 run, slow again and angling in, the batsman waits and chips it in the air with a whip for one in the vacant area.
SIX runs, that one is travelling out of here takes a big stride and just smacks it straight and true. the batsman is able to clear the ropes with almost no follow through, this one was a full swing of the bat. And it's headed waaaay over the straight boundary, clears the sightscreen too.
SIX runs, a slower ball is in the batsman's wheelhouse. the batsman clears his front leg and heaves the ball away for long-on. Massive timing.
no run, short of length outside off, a slower one, Sarfaraz jumps in the air but cannot connect at all.
1 run, pretty full and angling across off, presses forward and drives down to long-off.
FOUR runs, short and wide, slapped away to deep point.
FOUR runs, through the leg of cover-point. Samad is the fielder. Actually not through the legs, but to his left. Surya has punched this square, and Samad has not made allowance for the spin away to his left.
1 run, good length and into the pads, whipped to deep midwicket's left.
1 run, works this low full toss down to long on.
FOUR runs, that's a rocket from the batsman. Only a harsh man will call it a dropped chance. Hits the bowler's hand and still runs away to the boundary. Pretty full on middle, fiercely belted back to the bowler, who was more taking evasive action than attempting the catch. The ball smashes his bowling hand and skips away to the boundary. the bowler needs medical attention.
no run, short and wide outside off, cut straight to point.
1 run, too full on the pads, flicked to fine leg.
1 run, short ball outside off, backs away and cuts to sweeper cover.
no run, full just outside off, and starts off with the cutter. the batsman mistimes his drive, but far enough that the bowler can't reach it. DJ takes a tumble on his followthrough though.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and the batsman whips it towards midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, punches this wide of mid-on to get off the mark.
no run, under-edge rolls through to the keeper. Short of a length outside off, throws his hands at it and can't connect.
SIX runs, six to finish the over! Lots of flight on off, the batsman comes down and hits it straight again. Full face, loads of power over long-off.
no run, through him. Length ball and Ishant gets it to bounce a bit due to his height. the batsman is coming forward and has a poke at it, but it goes past his outside edge in the corridor.
1 run, short of a length, tucked away off the hip for one.
SIX runs, this is why we love the batsman. It doesn't matter if it is the first ball. If it has to go, it has to go. Bishnoi bowls a little too full, and the batsman launches him over wide long-off. The head stays down and doesn't look at where the ball is going.
1 run, full on off, knuckle ball, pushed to mid-on.
no run, good length, a knuckle ball outside off. Defended into the covers on the front foot.
no run, slower ball, outside off, and he cuts this in the air, but it lands short of Shubman Gill at point.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, on-pace short ball, midwicket is up in a catching position, and he has short-arm-pulled this over the man.
1 run, slower ball, low full toss, hit straight to long-on for one.
no run, length ball in the corridor. He backs away to try and lift it over extra cover. Beaten.
1 run, fuller, pushed to long-on.
no run, slapped back! Shardul put his right hand out on the followthrough but can't grab it. Ufff, that should hurt. Don't even think of calling it a missed chance.
FOUR runs, not much wrong with this ball but the batsman has punched this away for four. Short of a length, no room, but he slaps this square of backward point and in front of deep third man.
SIX runs, the batsman joins the party! It's a cutter from the bowler, but it lands in the slot and the batsman hammers it over long on.
1 run, length, outside off, and he has sliced this towards mid off. There's a direct hit at Russell's end as they go for the single, and he just about makes it.
2 runs, dropped by Thampi at mid-off! that should have been taken. the batsman chipped this in the air and Thampi had to hold it low to his left, but he tumbled and lost balance, as well as the ball.
no run, fuller outside off, he taps it to cover off the front foot.
4 leg byes, full toss, he stays really back in the crease and just makes use of the angle to help it along to fine leg.
FOUR runs, flicked aerially and quite deliberately through square leg. Good length ball slanted into him and an easy put away.
FOUR runs, width and he's belted that through extra cover. Tracer bullet stuff. This was a poor ball, loose first up.
FOUR runs, dropped short on middle stump, gets behind the line and pulls it between deep square and deep midwicket.
1 run, another run out appeal. At the striker's end this time. Bairstow tumbles over the stumps to gather this and whip the bails off. Simran might have just made it. He has. Length ball on middle, clipped to midwicket's right and a throw that didn't have too much venom. Needed a direct hit and needed it a little faster. Although there's a chance that might have been a direct hit without YJB's intervention.
1 run, length at off stump, allows that on and opens the face to get it down to third man.
no run, full toss outside off, yorker gone wrong. Hit to mid-off.
1 run, drifts one back in from round the stumps, the batsman tucks it wide of midwicket.
1 run, fuller on off, the batsman bunts it past the bowler to long-off.
no run, slower-ball offcutter, middle and leg, grips. Defended back to him.
SIX runs, length on off and how quickly was he into position there! Hammers a pull in front of square and it carries all the way.
no run, the googly on off, clipped to midwicket.
2 runs, length on middle, the batsman takes a few steps forward and lifts it with the angle to deep square-leg's left. Got more elevation than power but enough to fetch him two.
1 run, punches that uppishly towards mid off and that reaches the fielder after a couple of bounces.
SIX runs, full, lots of room outside off, and the batsman frees his arms to play another super shot, a lofted drive hit so crisply over mid-off that it carries all the way.
FOUR runs, short and wide and cut hard past backward point! Too easy to place that past the man on the ring.
1 run, a wrong'un around off and he goes back to push it into the covers for one.
no run, length on off stump, steps out and stabs it to extra cover.
SIX runs, short, and he latches on to this one easily. Goes over midwicket, and sends it deep into the stands. Was a slower ball, and he picked it early!.
FOUR runs, out of the screws. Short ball, not too high, and the batsman pull this over midwicket for four.
1 run, slower than usual, still 91ks, pushed into the off side.
2 runs, another yorker, this one's angled into him, and Yusuf trickles it away to short fine who dives and can't stop it. Man in the deep throws it to Dhoni who flicks it back onto the stumps without even looking at them. But Yusuf desperately puts in a dive to save his wicket. Has he done damage to his back in doing that, however? He's down in significant pain again.
FOUR runs, wide length ball, and he goes over extra cover this time. He has nailed it. SRH refusing to roll over and die.
SIX runs, that's easy. Flights up a length ball with ample room. the batsman has his nose under it as he pummels it straight over.
1 run, gentle little tuck to square leg, the batsman hares across to get off the mark.
FOUR runs, length outside off, the batsman backs away and crunches it between point and cover-point to finish the Power-Play in style. Predictable bowling from the bowler.
no run, straight, good length, a slider out of the front of hand, played back to him.
no run, quick, into the pads, worked to short fine leg.
SIX runs, crunched over extra cover! What a shot that is. A function of the batsman's reach, for the most part, and then the extension of the arms. It's a floaty legbreak outside off and he gets on his knee and swings cleanly from under that.
no run, looks like a faster googly, swerves in, forward and blocked to the leg side.
FOUR runs, and Wriddhiman's away with a boundary! The ball is full and wide, and he manages to squeeze it away behind point, and wide of third man, for runs straight away.
OUT, Burmrah snags the catch at the edge of the long leg boundary. the bowler has opened the game up for Mumbai. Tossed up and bounces on middle, finds the top edge as Dhawan goes to sweep. Bumrah judges it well in the deep. Just like that Mumbai have taken three wickets in three overs.
no run, good length at off stump, defended down the pitch. Was early into it and took his bottom hand off as he did that.
OUT, oh, mix up and Lynn is nowhere close! the batsman sliced the ball to cover point and took a step or two out of the crease but Lynn reacted late and suddenly ran down the pitch but it was too late. Suryakumar swooped in and sent it a flat throw to the bowler well before Lynn could reach the crease.
1 run, short and wide outside off. He gets on top of the bounce, and slashes a cut to deep backward point.
no run, the batsman looks for the extra-cover drive but can't beat the man.
2 runs, slow, tossed up high, and wide. the batsman stays back to cut this to cover-point where a fumble gets them two.
2 runs, the line was getting a little predictable, and he angles another back-of-a-length ball away from off stump. the batsman reverse-swats it over backward point, but can't get too much power on it because it's another slower one. They run two even though he hit it close to the fielder at deep point, and Rayudu's throw misses the stumps with the batsman yards from making his ground.
1 run, down the track and the bowler floats it up at his feet. Clipped to long-on.
1 run, slower length ball angling into off stump, takes a big step back and across and late-cuts to third man.
1 run, drifts in a full delivery on the stumps from wide of the crease, eased to long on.
no run, short, and he goes back to cut it, but cannot beat point.
1 run, uppishly pushed down to long-on for one.
1 run, slower bouncer, he aborts the pull and goes for the upper cut. Gets just the single to deep point.
SIX runs, oh beautiful! That is a golf swing. Overpitched on off stump from the bowler and that is asking for trouble. Such a gorgeous, balanced swing to hit it over the bowler. Competely still apart from the bat swing. Just gorgeous.
no run, excellent wide yorker, the batsman looks to carve this behind point but is late on the stroke.
1 leg bye, good length outside off, steps out and can only manage pad on this. Into the off side and they sneak a run.
1 run, short and rising up the body. Shuffles and hurriedly fends this into the square leg region.
1 run, good length slider on leg stump, hurriedly pushed into the vacant midwicket region.
SIX runs, this is buffet bowling for the batsman. On a length, into the pads, the short boundary on the leg side. He flicks it with his head down, and clears the square-leg fence easily.
no run, stands tall and bunts this length delivery towards cover.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, the batsman inside edges the cut into where silly point would be.
1 run, full at off stump, steps out and drives to sweeper's right.
no run, bouncer as the batsman walks down. He has to sway out of its way.
1 wide, bouncer. Dug in too short. Left alone.
1 wide, spins away from way outside off, the batsman looks to reach out but leaves. Wide called.
no run, back of a length, tucked into the leg side.
1 run, good length at off stump, punched to long-off with the turn.
no run, wide length ball, the batsman makes a good connection, but can't get beat short extra cover.
FOUR runs, yorker first up, terrific ball and unfortunately for him, Parthiv gets an inside edge that runs down to fine leg.
OUT, chopped on! Jofra delivers, almost every time. Good length and swung away outside off. Stays still and reaches out with an angled bat, trying to stab that towards third man. It's a big inside edge onto stumps.
FOUR runs, bit too full on middle and leg and the batsman flicks it away almost nonchalantly over midwicket for a cracking four. Excellent timing.
no run, back of a length, angling into the top of off stump. He's cramped for room and he jabs it into the covers.
no run, sharp bouncer, 134ks on the gun, but it is the carry. the batsman is surprised by it, and pulls out of the pull.
1 run, short and sliding on low outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
no run, length on off, jags back in a little, de Villiers is struck on the thigh pad again, it trickles away towards squareleg who hurls a throw at the non striker's end where Parthiv has to dive back in.
1 run, waits on the back foot to deal with the flatter delivery outside off and cuts it past point diving to his right.
1 run, length outside off, chopped to point's left.
no run, shapes to cut a short ball that is loath to give him any room. Even though the batsman makes a lot of his own, he doesn't get the result he wants. Beaten.
FOUR runs, smartly done. Good length ball coming in at middle. He steps across to expose the stumps and ramps this fine. Cottrell is too square at deep backward square to get to that.
1 run, on a length and around off, dabbed to third man.
no run, pauses in his delivery stride, bowls flat, outside off, cut to cover-point.
no run, full and fast outside off, beaten on the attempted chop.
FOUR runs, reaches out to squeeze behind point, but gets a thick edge over the slips. Third man can't do much.
1 run, length on middle, shuffles again and tucks it away to deep backward squareleg again.
2 runs, just clears mid-on. Short and wide, looks to cut him over the infield but is through it too soon. Bat turns in the hands.
1 wide, the batsman does the bowler in the mind this time. Backs away, then does not. The ball is down leg. Wide.
no run, another offbreak to handcuff him, played straight to cover-point.
OUT, and what cricket. Every match should be played with an eye on NRR. Just big hits and wickets. the batsman plays the pick-up shot again to a full ball, but this time he is dragging it from outside off, which means he needs more power. He hasn't imparted it, and he has found the man at deep backward square leg.
no run, flighted outside off, driven hard, but straight to point.
FOUR runs, plays it late with the turn, and plays it past point. Good shot!.
1 run, full on middle stump, and easily worked off his pads towards the vacant square-leg region.
2 runs, full and straight, 134 kph, sliced to deep point for a couple. A valiant dive, has he made it? He has, so two more for Mumbai.
1 run, length outside off, goes back and flicks it towards long-on.
1 run, good length and just outside off, opens the face and runs it down to third man.
SIX runs, 85 metres in the deep backward square direction. Short ball, not troubling the batsman who gets his weight into the off side and spanks it with a flat bat.
no run, length outside off, stays in the crease and punches to extra cover.
no run, stopped on him a bit possibly and bunted back to the bowler.
1 run, worked off the pads to deep midwicket.
2 runs, short of a length, straight, soft hands, bunted into the leg side, and they come back for two. the batsman is really slow, but the rocket throw is on a half-volley and Rana doesn't collect it.
no run, full outside off, comes forward confidently and defends towards cover.
FOUR runs, good length, but wide outside off. the batsman comes dancing down the wicket and slaps it past extra cover on this occasion. Delightful.
1 run, makes room and punches this to wide mid-off, good stop.
FOUR runs, Rahane with another fine effort but can't prevent the boundary stand and deliver shot by karthik, too short on the stumps and he swats it away. Rahane runs across and dives full length at square leg. Gets a hand to it but it doesn't stick on. What's worse, he appears to have hurt his shoulder. He's going off the field, rubbing and rotating his left shoulder.
2 runs, flat on off, but he gets some turn. That's why an attempted drive results in a thick inside edge through square leg. Two runs.
1 run, lovely yorker outside leg, right at his heel. Just the single. No boundary in the 18th over. Excellent effort.
1 run, on a length, very straight, the batsman walks across and tucks it to deep square leg.
1 run, full, on the leg stump, driven down to long-on for one.
no run, good length at middle stump, defended off the back foot.
no run, the batsman walks practically halfway down the pitch, is hit in front of the wicket, but these are so hard to give. They review. I am sure the 3m thing will come into play here. And the Ultra-Edge shows a scratch anyway as the ball passes the bat. So the review is lost.
1 run, attempted yorker, but ends up as a low full toss. Drills a drive to long on.
OUT, holes out to deep midwicket! Short on middle, and the batsman top-edges the pull! Curran gets under it, and dives forward to take the catch.
1 run, cuts the slower length ball to sweeper cover.
no run, shortish, wide of off. Grips on the pitch and nips away a little like a legcutter. Slashes hard and is beaten by the movement and lack of pace.
1 run, length at off stump, backs away and punches to sweeper cover.
to Kartik Tyagi, 1 run, on a length, on off, runs off the outer half of the bat for one.
1 wide, struggling for rhythm, swings one down leg again. Excellent take by DK. Trying too hard maybe?.
FOUR runs, a low full toss outside off, the batsman opens the face of the bat and manages to just beat the fielder at backward point, gets to his fifty - but off 48 balls - with this boundary.
1 run, short of a length - the perfect one for spinners - punched down the ground for one.
FOUR runs, fired outside off, slightly overpitched, the batsman leans into it and laces it through the covers.
OUT, taken at sweeper cover. Full outside off. Having followed him down leg side all this while, he hangs this one up full and away from the batsman. He reaches out and looks to clear extra. But he's arching back and really swishing hard to try and make connection. Off the low part and floats out for Samad, who runs and takes it about halfway in.
no run, googly, spinning into middle stump. Blocked on the front foot.
SIX runs, shot of the night! This guy is a serious player and will definitely challenge for a top order slot post the World Cup cycle. Length - not bad at all - on off and he just picks the line and length so well, goes through to clear extra cover. Didn't over-hit it by any means. Pure timing, pure class. Brilliant.
1 run, on-pace length ball, Sharma tries the big slog, gets a single off the inside edge.
1 run, bunts this towards cover, they scamper a single.
FOUR runs, he's clobbered that with immense power. Runs down, gets close enough to the bowler's offcutter and then smashes the ball over mid-off. Muscular hit.
1 run, full and on and around off stump, the batsman hits to long-on.
FOUR runs, carted! What power. the bowler having an ordinary time. Length ball wide outside off and he climbs into this, on the up.
1 run, full, on the toes, driven down to long-on.
1 run, full outside off, driven with the turn to sweeper cover's right.
no run, short and wide outside off, has a slash and is beaten.
no run, slides one across De Kock, who flat-bats this back to the bowler.
1 run, length ball on leg, and he goes deep into his crease. Flicked to square leg for a jogging single.
2 runs, quicker short ball, a touch late into it, but manages to clear midwicket in the circle.
FOUR runs, lazy attempt from Dhoni and that's a missed chance. the batsman backs away too much and is lunging to try and play a square drive. Gets a thick edge that flies to Dhoni's right and he only gets an obligatory right hand out at this, feet barely moving.
no run, back of a length outside off, punched to extra cover.
1 run, yorker a shade outside off, the batsman smears it back down the ground and right through the bowler.
1 run, works this length ball down to long on.
no run, short, outside off, pulled to mid-on. No power in the shot.
FOUR runs, he thrives on room outside off. And after three tight deliveries, Curran feeds him a wide one. It's also a slower ball and much shorter. Slashed to the backward point boundary.
no run, makes a bit of room and punches this length ball straight to cover point.
FOUR runs, shot! Steps out and scythes it on the up over extra cover. Length ball fired in at off stump and he does stunningly to make so much room on this.
no run, quick fizzer from Rashid, he beats the batsman for pace and hits the pad but this might have been heading down the leg side.
no run, dropped. Ordinary cricket this ball. the bowler slips down the leg side, but the batsman fails to beat square leg, but Shaw fluffs a sitter after two attempts at it.
FOUR runs, tries the yorker outside off, turns out it's a low full toss and the batsman steers it wide of short third man for four. Nice placement.
1 run, good length outside off stump, and that's been furiously cut to the off side. Misfield in the infield.
no run, slow and really slow outside off, the batsman sees it go outside the wide line but it's not given.
1 run, full, into the pads, clipped away to deep midwicket.
no run, good length and just outside off, pushed into the off side.
FOUR runs, 139 kph, a low full toss down leg. Right in the slot again, another poor ball. Flicked away into the gap at backward square leg and RCB finish with 218.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
no run, fuller, at the stumps, clubbed to mid-on. Doesn't seem very easy to time it.
no run, length, and he cannot get this away. Drops it back towards the bowler.
no run, more turn, and a thick outside edge that stays down.
2 runs, on a length, slow, no room, worked towards deep midwicket.
no run, flatter and fuller outside off, the batsman prods outside to get a thick inside edge. Excellent bowling.
1 run, yorker on middle, flicked out to the square leg region. Well-bowled.
SIX runs, so simple. Gets to the pitch and calmly lofts this over long-on with a clean swing. the bowler doesn't get grip or turn outside off because of that big stride.
1 run, full outside off, reaches out and carves through the left of point.
1 run, short of a length, hits the splice of the bat, they rush through for a quick single to cover. Morgan slips a little as he gets ready to throw.
no run, beaten but there was a chance to get more runs. Overpitched outside off again and he couldn't get bat on the chop this time.
FOUR runs, edged fine past Patel! Fast and tailing away from the left-hander, he gets a thick edge at it flies wide of the keeper. Third man is up!.
no run, length at off stump, hurries onto him and he defends into the pitch off the back foot.
no run, short of a length and pushed across the corridor, left alone.
SIX runs, tossed up and blootered straight back down the ground! Free-and-easy swing through the line, bottom hand off the bat and it sails over the ropes.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to long-off for one.
1 run, yorker outside off, jams it into the covers from deep in the crease.
1 run, walks at the bowler, who bowls it short of a length, and he opens the face to pick up a single.
1 run, good length on middle, and worked off his hips to square leg.
1 run, another slower short ball, which the batsman swats to long-on.
1 wide, yikes! A wideeeee delivery outside off, did that even land on the pitch?.
no run, wrong'un to start off. Full outside off and spinning away from him. Defended off the front foot.
no run, darted shorter and outside off, the batsman can't get on top of it. Mistimes a cut to backward point.
1 run, length, and he jumps up and cuts this away, but cannot get it beyond backward point.
no run, short of a length and just outside off, chopped to short third man.
no run, fuller and flatter this time, around off, turns it towards short midwicket.
2 leg byes, length ball on the stumps again, the batsman mistimes the pull towards short fine leg, comes back for the second.
no run, that bouncer is too high. Oh not called again. the batsman drops his wrists and sways out of its line. Even if not higher than the head, technically this is the second shoulder-high ball of the over after that beamer.
SIX runs, somebody return the ball please. Slower legcutter, the batsman on a knee, sweet connection, new balls please somebody.
no run, bat-pad, or pad-bat?! Full on off, and zipping straight through. The batsman tries to defend, and hits his pad first, perhaps. the bowler wants to review. Interesting. It's definitely pad first, but is it turning away too much? Yes, just too much. Missing off stump by a whisker!.
1 run, on a length, into the body, pushed to mid-on for one.
SIX runs, and this is an intimidating start. Bowls full, on-pace, outside off. Has missed the yorker and bowled a half-volley. the batsman drills it over long-off for a six.
FOUR runs, one-bounce four, fuller but much closer to the batsman this time who lofts it over extra cover, Archer from sweeper cover sprints to his left but cannot get there in time.
2 runs, a low full toss, a nice delivery. Drilled down to long-off, a misfield, rather understandable with these wet conditions. Two anyway easily made.
FOUR runs, length ball, on the pads, Yadav makes room and swings this over midwicket for a four. Slower ball, allows Yadav the time.
1 run, full and just outside off, squeezed out to sweeper cover.
1 run, full on middle, and he clears his front leg to smash a shot past the non-striker. Long on intercepts.
1 run, pushed through and dabbed off the pads for one.
1 run, back of a length, angling into middle stump. Makes a lot of room and dabs towards short third man.
no run, offcutter at a length, cramping him and making him chop onto the body as he gets on the front foot.
OUT, sensational googly! the batsman does not pick it. He's lunging out of his crease, searching for ball so he could flick it through midwicket. But it just does not behaves the way he thinks it would. Drifts past the edge. Pitches and spins further. DK is ready and waiting behind the stumps and well .
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched uppishly to long-off.
FOUR runs, full on off, and that's been creamed! Gets his front leg out of the way, and drives it beautifully. Finds the gap between deep point and extra cover.
1 run, short of a length, outside ff, he goes back to steer it to third man.
FOUR runs, skips away to the boundary like a pebble on water. Delightful. On a length and outside off, driven on the up between the covers and mid-off.
no run, slider on middle, defended back with soft hands.
FOUR runs, slower ball, full outside off, and the batsman picks on the short fence with a hit over wide cover. Wide half-volley really. And mid-off is up.
no run, full, just outside off, and he caresses a drive to cover.
FOUR runs, full outside off, and the batsman leans into the drive in a flash. Full followthrough of the bat, and creams it to the extra cover boundary. Can watch that shot all day long.
no run, length outside off, the batsman has a slash at it and misses. It was a scrambled-seam delivery, cut back in ever so slightly to cramp watson for room.
1 run, full, angled across, driven to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, shot! That's a slower length ball pitching on off stump and angling away from him. De Kock steps forward and brings his wrists into play to just flick it over the backward square leg boundary, a la Sanath Jayasuriya. Or even the man at the other end.
no run, a nice and full start. Full and moving away, on middle and off, punched away to mid-off from the crease.
no run, stays back to push a length ball back to the bowler.
2 runs, slices the attempted pull and dribbles away safely after landing behind the bowler. Short and going across him, was late on the pull.
1 run, sliding back into the crease to guide a length ball into the covers.
no run, back of a length and just a shade outside off, the batsman covers up in defence.
FOUR runs, slapped past point! Outside off, and the batsman cuts it furiously to the boundary. Reach in no time. the batsman's follow through reminded me of Dhoni's helicopter. That swirl.
no run, quick legbreak, around off, and then holds its line to cramp him up on the punch. Another dot.
2 runs, backs away and cuts the legbreak to point. The throw comes in, and it's three or four feet away from the wicketkeeper and nearly results in four overthrows.
no run, back of a length, angling into off stump. Extra bounce and a bit of inward movement to beat the flick and hit the thigh pad.
SIX runs, length, and he has gone high, and handsome. Over long off. There you go -- the first six this IPL through the off side.
FOUR runs, a paddle-pull brings runs! the batsman wastes no time, seizing on a back of a length delivery headed towards leg stump with a controlled pull that sends the ball bouncing out to deep backward square.
no run, punched firmly off the back foot once more, but he pings the cover field.
no run, some room on the off side, the batsman drives hard and finds cover.
2 runs, short of a length, wide, punched nicely through covers. Williamson's dive at extra cover gets a hand on it to save two runs.
1 run, full outside off, mistimed slog along the ground to long-on.
FOUR runs, a nothing loosener. Short of a length, no sting, no bite, no pace. He smashes him down the ground, and while both long-off and long-on are back, they have been bisected.
FOUR runs, slapped away! Almost as if the batsman was expecting that. Goes back and across as he powers this pull into the gap at deep square leg. Pulled it from way over his head and yet kept it all along the ground.
no run, little flatter, the batsman goes hard at it outside off but doesn't quite middle it.
1 wide, slower ball, outside off, and it has been called wide. That was close, and the batsman did choose to not play a shot.
no run, no contact this time, as this one zips through the batsman's swing and into his thigh-pad.
1 run, switches over to a good length outside off, the batsman plays a late cut to backward point and they immediately take off for the single. Rahul takes the bails off, but a dive has saved Rahane.
SIX runs, short of length on the stumps, the batsman goes back and pulls it over long-on, easily done.
1 run, length and in at the stumps, gets forward and chips to long-on.
OUT, bouncer, rises over the batsman's right shoulder. Looks to hook, and doesn't catch it cleanly. There's an appeal for caught-behind from the bowler, and it's finally given. Tiny bit of glove on it, and the batsman falls four short of what would have been a repeat of his hundred in last year's final. Fantastic knock - he took his time early on, but once he was in, there was no stopping him. Great catch from Bairstow, by the way, diving to his left and completing it with a tumble.
1 run, big swipe across the line but doesn't get the timing right, sends it to deep midwicket along the ground off the inside half of the bat.
no run, short of a length, angled across on off, Axar shuffles across and blocks down the pitch.
1 run, shuffles across and works a length ball to the right of mid-on.
OUT, finally, some luck for the debutant! It might be too late, but a massive first wicket nevertheless. the batsman tried to heave this across the line, it was a slower ball and the slowness beat him as he was early into the stroke.
SIX runs, goes the other side this time, six more! Plants his front foot across and sweeps that against the turn from length over long leg into the crowd.
1 run, back of a length on off, and angling into the batsman. Stays on the back foot and taps it away towards short third man.
FOUR runs, length ball, on off, and angling away. Cut off the back foot, and this has been struck behind square! Nobody there, and the ball rolls along the grass to the boundary-line.
1 run, punched down the ground.
no run, pacy bouncer, surprises Moeen who is late on the pull and it goes past him.
no run, length ball, and he taps this towards point. Has to turn down the single as it travels quickly.
1 run, overpitched wide outside off. the batsman muscles this down the ground to long on for only a single. Billings wants a second, but MSD sends him back.
1 run, waits on the back foot and taps the flatter delivery to short third man.
no run, looks to turn this slower delivery to long on but this one gripped the surface and bounced more to hit the top part of the bat. Defended back. Top over from the bowler.
no run, comes down the track and defends it back to the bowler.
1 run, full and straight and slower at 125ks, runs off the inside edge for another single. If there is no boundary this over, it might just be it for CSK.
FOUR runs, lovely. This is a slower ball so he's done superbly to pick and punch off the back foot. A tad too short from the bowler and he gets the weight transfer onto the back toe and gets the elbow high to pierce the infield.
no run, full and swinging away from the fourth stump, left alone.
no run, quick, short of driving length, so he plays it back to the bowler.
2 runs, whips this over short square as he walks across. Ishan Kishan was standing right where the ball went and was moved out only a ball earlier to leg gully.
no run, tossed up at middle stump, defended down the pitch off the front foot.
1 run, googly, short of a length outside off. Tucks it to deep midwicket's right but hit a bit too well for the second.
no run, length ball on off, and tapped off the back foot to long on.
1 wide, length and down the leg side, it was an attempted slower ball gone wrong.
to Jadeja, SIX runs, pumps it over deep midwcket! The length ball gets figured out eventually! Jadeja the new finisher for CSK. Lines it up at off stump and swings across the line to make sweet contact on that.
1 run, good length outside off, reaches out and flicks to long-on's left.
2 runs, carrom ball, short of a length, pulled into the leg side. Wide of long-on. Bigger boundary means they get two.
2 runs, full just outside off, and that's been clipped off his pads to square leg. Vacant area there so that allows DK to take the second.
2 runs, superb running! Gentle nudge into the leg side, deep midwicket had to come in a long way by which time the batsman had made it.
1 run, back of a length outside leg, worked into midwicket and that's a very tight single probably gone with a direct hit from Binny.
FOUR runs, misfield by Gill at deep midwicket allows four too short and the batsman rocks back to pull powerfully. It was straight to Gill who lets it through his hands. Didn't bend down enough, poor effort.
no run, beaten and a maiden. Offcutter, good length and just outside off. Tentative drive at that as it cuts away from him.
1 run, good length on middle stump, and he goes down on one knee to pull it towards deep square leg.
1 run, full on off stump, driven straight to long-off.
SIX runs, back of a length outside off, and the batsman opens his stance to pull this over cow corner! Fast bat speed, and the batsman's shoulders do the rest. Avesh gone for 18 already.
1 wide, googly, full and very wide outside off. Left alone.
OUT, taken at long-on now and de Villiers holds the pose, standing in front of his beloved RCB fans! Seriously, there's only like three inches between his boots and the boundary and he takes it so florgin coolly! Holds the ball and his hands aloft for a second or two for the photographers and then runs into the huddle. Lovely stuff from the RCB's greatest game-changer. And the ex-RCB game-changer leaves having mis-hit a short ball, the pull shot going up instead of long.
1 run, short of a length, tucked away off the hip for one.
nan
1 run, wide yorker, he jams this off the bottom edge towards the keeper, they pinch one.
OUT, good length and cutting away outside off, past the outside edge? Kishan goes up for an appeal. Mustafiz isn't  convinced. Not given by the umpire. It prompts another review from Mumbai. Breaks away sharply outside off and bounces in the channel, the batsman attempts a late cut but the ball gets big on him. He feathers it behind. UltraEdge detects a tiny spike. No woody sound, just a little spike, and it's enough to overturn the not-out decision. Former Sunriser Mustafiz strikes.
1 wide, beaten by the googly, but is safe!  Steps out to swing, misses but has the presence of mind to quickly plonk his bat back in.  Only the batsman could've stumped the batsman there .
1 run, good length and just outside off, steps out and drives to mid-off's left.
no run, nice offbreak, dipping, just outside off, hit back to him.
FOUR runs, back of a length on the hips, the batsman is airborne as he picks it up and flicks it square of short fine leg.
no run, length on off, pushed to extra cover.
1 run, tossed up slower and higher outside off, the batsman stretches out and drives a single to wide long-off.
no run, lovely yorker to start off, dug out back to him.
2 runs, he is taking the bowler on, making room and lofting him over mid-off. Not the cleanest of strikes but enough on it to clear mid-on.
no run, leaves the googly alone. Didn't look a convincing leave! Good length ball spinning in from outside off.
1 wide, slower ball down the leg side. the batsman can't quite put bat to ball as he tries to paddle it fine.
SIX runs, uses his feet, and sends this over wide long on! Caught on to the length early, and thumps it towards the leg side.
no run, full on off, and this one zips straight through! Hurries the batsman onto his back foot,who does well to fend it away.
no run, Dropped by Kishan behind the stumps. He can't cling onto the rebound either. the batsman backs away for a cut, instead top-edges the turning ball. Kishan is undone by the bounce as the ball bobbles out. He dives forward but the ball evades his reach.
FOUR runs, third man is also inside the circle, and this time the batsman moves away towards the leg side,, looking to make himself room. Opens his bat face to try and steer it from middle stump past backward point, ends up getting a thick outside edge that flies away to the left of short third man.
no run, back of length delivery on off stump, defended solidly.
FOUR runs, oh lovely placement Jos. Pristine timing. It's a full ball at off stump, not much wrong with it. But he shuffles and closes the wrists on this to beat midwicket to his right. Long-on puts in a long sprint and can't get to it after a slide.
1 run, full on leg, and the ball was going down the leg side, but the batsman wants to get bat on ball. Flicked from beyond the stumps, and it lands safely near fine leg. the batsman's disappointed. Misses out on a boundary.
no run, under-edged to the keeper? Did it hit the stump? Given out. Back of a length outside off, the batsman looks to cut the ball down to third man but the ball clips the top of the front pad. That was the big noise. The ball was close to the bat also, but UltraEdge says just pad, not bat. They will have to check for the lbw also. Impact says outside off stump so the batsman will continue on.
1 run, full and on the pads. Looks to whip into the leg side, cops it on the front pad.
1 run, slower and fuller on middle and leg, worked wide of midwicket.
no run, it's angled away outside off and the batsman dabs it tentatively to point.
FOUR runs, short and climbing in the corridor, cramps him and he pulls again. Once again not off the middle, but this better hit than the previous one and is well over and wide of mid-on.
FOUR runs, this drive echoes in the empty stadium. It is powerfully hit. Down the wicket, not close to its length so he just flat-bats it down the ground. Long-on is back, has only a few yards to go to his left to field this, but can't make it.
2 runs, short of a length, outside off, punched past cover for two.
no run, on a length again, swinging back in, no room, defended.
no run, cuts back in alarmingly to beat the inside edge and hit him high on the left thigh. Had no clue.
1 run, the batsman doesn't quite walk at him this time, but is on the front foot to push this wide of point for one.
OUT, a slower delivery on middle and leg, and the batsman picks out long-on! And it's taken! Juust. the bowler is having a terrific debut. the batsman looked to whip that slower cutter through midwicket but got that too straight. Iyer runs across from his right and pouches the catch after juggling.
1 run, length ball outside off, doesn't spin much, he pats it to long-on off the back foot.
no run, another lovely outswinger. the batsman defends this to cover.
no run, length on off and nearly chipped to mid-on. the batsman early into the shot there, got it really low on the bat, but mistimed it so badly that it fell well short.
no run, on a length, slight inwards movement. Defended off the front foot.
FOUR runs, half-tracker on the leg stump, the batsman lines it up and pulls it away to the square leg boundary, to the left of deep midwicket.
1 wide, short and slanted down leg, wide.
FOUR runs, welcomes him with a reverse sweep past short third man. Flatter one that spins away from outside off, so the batsman was hitting it with the spin. Easy, he just helped it along.
1 run, moves across, gets inside the line, clips this full toss into the leg side.
1 run, full ball, on the tram line, driven to deep cover.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. He has picked his spot. He knows the bowler is not going to bowl full with the mid-off up. He shuffles across to try to hit it to leg, and ends up pulling it between fine leg and deep square.
1 run, uses his feet to get to the pitch of a length ball, and punches this towards long on.
FOUR runs, thick edge over short third man. Full slower ball outside off, looks to blaze it over extra cover. The ball grips and rises.
(no ball), whew very very wide outside off. Almost a slingy action. the bowler ran in very gingerly there, almost as if he was checking if he can bowl. And what's more, the siren's gone off. He's overstepped.
2 runs, drops short, the batsman rocks back and pulls to wide long-on.
FOUR runs, drills this past the diving extra cover fielder, Finch can't stop it despite a dive. Boundary when it should've just been a single.
1 run, short, and it turns to defeat his pull. Bottom edge to short fine for a single.
1 run, good work by Turner at short fine leg, diving to his right at short fine leg. This - another pull from the batsman - looked set for the boundary again after the bowler strays so very far down leg this time.
1 run, full, and he crashes this down the ground to long off.
no run, spin for Mishy. Flat on off and middle, the ball spins and beats the bat.
1 run, full on off stump, driven to long-on.
SIX runs, has Stokes taken the most incredible catch?. Has he got rid of the ball in time, though? the batsman has mistimed this slog, Stokes settles himself under it at deep midwicket, but it is a little too big for him. He has to be airborne beyond the boundary to catch this, so he has very little time to get rid of it before his foot comes down. Replays show the ball is in his hand as he flicks it back in. That is a six, but a great effort in the field to even give himself a chance to catch this. Fifty for the batsman now.
1 run, on-pace yorker, dug out for a single.
FOUR runs, flat length ball on middle stump, not a particularly bad ball, and the batsman was looking to punch it through midwicket. Ends up sliding off the inside half of the bat for an inadvertent boundary between short fine leg and square leg.
2 runs, full and straight on the stumps, looks to swing over long on but ends up getting a thick inside edge towards deep midwicket.
1 run, steps out and has to deal with another ball - this one angled across - bouncing a little more than he expects. Manages to get under it and lift over point.
no run, short! the batsman sways to get under the line of the ball. A well-directed bouncer from the bowler.
OUT, don't need slip for this. SRH have their early wicket. Short of a length, lovely outswinger seam, ball lands on it and kicks away, taking the outside edge as the batsman looks to punch it. Bairstow takes the catch. His first wicket this IPL.
no run, drives the low and wide full toss straight to extra cover. Not hit too hard, either, I wonder why.
1 run, good length and sliding onto middle stump, tucked into midwicket off the back foot.
2 runs, fuller and outside off, opens the face and dabs through point with soft hands.
SIX runs, toe-end of the bat but it sails over long-off, all the way for a six. Was short of length outside off, the batsman went for a tennis-like forehand, got enough on it.
SIX runs, Make that four boundaries in four balls. Tossed up wide outside off, this was pushed away from his swinging arc, but the batsman collapses his back leg and laces it inside-out over extra cover.
1 run, short of a length at off stump, gets on the back foot and taps through square leg.
1 wide, full-toss heading down leg, wide.
1 run, slower ball at a length wide outside off, mistimed drive to long-off's left.
no run, short.  And just under the head. Makes the batsman duck.
no run, slow turn for the bowler, as he tosses it outside off, the batsman opens the face and guides this legbreak to short third man.
SIX runs, sweeeet. Full ball at the stumps, keeps the front leg well out of the way, offers the full face and lofts this straight over the bowler. He's been waiting for that length all tournament.
1 wide, back of a length outside off, and forces the batsman to reach at it. It's been a strategy against the batsman, but this is too wide.
no run, short and fast on middle, pushed back.
FOUR runs, magnificent. Textbook cover drive to a full ball in the slot. Brings his bat down from high, shows the makers name, and sends it screaming along the ground.
1 run, back of a length down leg, nudged down to fine leg for a run.
1 run, good length on off, and that's been tapped to backward point. the batsman scampers across to the other end, but more important, gives the strike back to Billings.
FOUR runs, fuller, at the stumps, sweetly flicked through midwicket.
FOUR runs, length, and he gets down on his haunches and sweeps this in the air towards long leg. One bounce four, and cleverly played, as he covered the turn.
no run, full on middle stump, flicked to the bowler's left.
1 run, squared up by the length, gets a thick outside edge to third man.
FOUR runs, a short delivery outside off, Nabi rocks back and pulls the ball into the gap at midwicket. Too short, too slow. An easy put-away.
1 run, now de the bowler tries to hide the ball out of Rohit's reach, but the batsman manages to stretch far enough outside off to clatter it to the sweeper.
no run, yorker and jut outside off, beaten on the attempted chop.
no run, good length and just outside off, turning away. Punched to point off the back foot.
no run, slides back in to hit him on the thigh pad, the batsman was looking to whip this off his hip.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off, and punched down the ground to long on for single.
no run, short again, touch quicker at 131kph, the batsman tries to scoop again but is beaten this time.
SIX runs, into the open sky and into the stands! Pitched up slightly in the batsman's arc, he picked the length and smoked it over long on. Hit it so hard, I wouldn't have tried to catch it.
no run, smart delivery to follow him as he backs away. It stays down to squeeze under his bat.
FOUR runs, thick outside edge, streaky but he'll take the runs. Too full on off, he looked to dive but got the edge that squeezed between keeper and short third man.
no run, a shortish delivery around off, pulled down to long-on. Still no run. Sunrisers going nowhere.
1 run, nice and full on the stumps, pushed to long-off.
1 run, good length outside off, dragged off the low part to long-on.
no run, hit high on the thigh pad as he hops back to defend. Stifled appeal but too high.
1 run, slower bouncer, at his head, and he manages to get away with a single. In no control at all.
1 run, Man  skips down the wicket, yorks himself up, gets a single to extra cover.
OUT, the bowler's first ball is speared in towards the pads, and after the batsman misses his sweep Mumbai decide to go for a review. Quinton de Kock seems very confident, and it was him that pushed for the review. Was there any bat involved? It doesn't look like it, and there's nothing on UltraEdge. It's pitched in line, hit him in line, and will hit the stumps. Three reds, and he's got to go!.
1 run, full and sliding into the pads, clipped away through square leg.
1 wide, oh no. Another wide full one - a slower one too - and it ends up waaaaay wide of off stump.
SIX runs, another offcutter, but he drags it down and it ends up as a half-tracker to swat away like a mischievous fly over midwicket. When it comes to roles for T20 sides, does the batsman do it better than everyone else?.
1 run, full and outside off, slower one, opens the face and glides to short third man. Harbhajan makes a diving save.
no run, good length on off, and the batsman opens his bat's face, but finds the man at point once again.
1 run, short of length around off, Rohit goes for the pull but ends up dragging it towards square leg.
no run, dropped. The plan nearly works. the batsman punches this inswinger in the air, to the right of silly mid-on. It is the tall Holder, who dives to his right, gets a hand to it, but can't hold on. Tough chance but a chance nonetheless.
1 run, short of a length, tucked away off the hip for one.
1 run, makes room and thwacks a length ball tossed up on leg stump towards point.
OUT, length ball that keeps a little low around off, worked away to mid-on where there's a misfield and they decide to try and capitalise on it by stealing a second. Not a bad plan, except that they don't account for the fielder recovering in time and firing a dead accurate throw that grazes Moeen's hand and takes out the stumps. Mohit is just short of his ground. Oh, and the fielder was AB de Villiers!.
no run, full, slight shape in, hits the inside half of the bat on the drive.
1 run, a slower ball on leg, flicked away uppishly to long-on. Excellent timing on that.
1 run, sweetly timed, but not adequately placed. Overpitched ball just outside off and he gets it along the floor to long-off.
1 run, slower full ball on off, hacked off the inside half through the gap at midwicket.
1 run, length and in at off stump. Punches it to long-on.
no run, length at middle stump, hurriedly pushed to midwicket.
1 run, flicked off the legs to fine leg.
1 run, legbreak, on a length, straight, pushed down the ground.
no run, length on off, defended into the covers off the back foot.
1 run, full on middle, and the batsman clears his front leg to slog. Mistimed to deep midwicket.
no run, fuller around off and middle, comes forward and pushes it towards extra cover.
no run, pops up but just in front of the bowler bounce and turn, big turn, takes the batsman by surprise. Pitches on a length on leg and spins sharply, the batsman was looking to play it into the offside, but has to try and get his bat out of the way because of the bounce. Ends up popping in the air off the high part of the bat, but just in front of the bowler, who charged in for a few steps.
no run, low full toss at off stump. Looks for the drive through cover, gets an outside edge that's brilliantly snapped by YJB to his left. On the bounce and was high to his left.
1 run, lovely effort at mid-off. This a mis-hit off a length ball and is dying in front of mid-off, but Stoinis puts in a dive and still reaches it only on a half-volley.
no run, good length on middle stump, but angling across the batsman. Shoulders his arms this time.
1 run, slower ball, very wide outside off, and Hardik flat-bats a shot to long on. Would've been a wide had Hardik left the ball.
2 runs, full and pushed through quicker this time. And he's nicely to the pitch of this as he drives to sweeper's right.
1 run, length ball around off, stays back and punches it towards long-off.
1 wide, goes for the wide yorker, and despite Axar's shuffle across, it has been called wide. Because it has gone too wide, almost off the cut strip.
no run, inswinging yorker! This is genius level bowling from the bowler. And Parthiv just can't do jack. Inside edge onto his boot.
SIX runs, fuller and on middle, the batsman stretches out, meets the pitch and nails another slog-sweep, this sails waaaaay over midwicket. He has hit seven sixes already.
FOUR runs, overpitched wide outside off, and the batsman drives this past extra cover! Couldn't get under the ball, but he's got enough power to hit through the ball's line. Breaches the gap between cover and mid off.
no run, the batsman misses a sweep, gets right outside the line for just this. The googly hits the pad, but outside the line.
no run, gets an under-edge that nearly finds the stumps. Too much bounce outside off for him comfort and he can't et on top of it as he tries to pull.
no run, length on middle stump, punched on the rise to mid-on.
2 runs, short and just outside off, slashes at that. Point gets a hand to it diving to his left.
OUT, caught at short fine! Well bowled. Threw it slower and wider of off, he tried to reach out and slog sweep it forward of square, it comes off the top edge and balloons to the man behind square on the circle. Simple catch.
no run, good length and attacking the stumps, blocked.
no run, nervous little poke to an away-going delivery, didn't miss the edge by much.
no run, full on middle, and he pushes this to short cover once again.
1 run, good length and in at off stump, punched to long-on on the up.
1 run, short of a length outside off, onto the back foot and punches to long-off.
1 run, low full toss with the long-off and long-on very straight. Good plan. Just the single to long-off.
2 runs, short of a length, into the pads, worked square of deep midwicket for two.
no run, good length and sliding onto leg stump. Mistimed pull to midwicket's right.
1 run, length ball on off, and tapped off the back foot to short cover.
no run, yorker at middle stump, jammed out into the leg side.
no run, short of a length and skidding on outside off. Mistimed punch on the up.
2 runs, on a length, outside leg, soft hands, gets a couple of wide long-on.
1 run, good length outside off, and he opens his bat's face to push it towards deep point. Gets Samson on strike.
1 run, flat length ball just outside off, stretches out to sweep to deep square leg.
no run, the batsman venturing a sweep? Interesting. Near yorker outside off, the batsman shuffles across off, and wears it on the pad.
FOUR runs, he is not getting it right. Short, angling away to give him the width, and he is cut in front of backward point for four.
SIX runs, full and veering into the pads, the batsman picks it up and launches it over the midwicket boundary. Not middled but enough to clear the man in the deep.
1 run, short of a length, straightening around middle, the batsman backs away and slaps it to sweeper cover.
no run, good length on off, and gets big on Dhawan. He tries to cut but the ball came in sharply. Cramped for space, and the ball hits his left elbow. That hurt! Physio time. The way Dhawan reacted, looked pretty painful. He's retiring hurt.
OUT, taken by long-off running in. He's deceived the batsman again, tossing it up and keeping it slow. the batsman plays the line - because the ball is on leg stump - but the ball turns away from him, takes the top edge and is then caught very very well by Agarwal racing forward from the edge of the boundary to almost the 30-yard circle. Quiet relief on the bowler's face, and several pats on the back to make him feel better. Good stuff from Kings XI.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, punched to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, down to third man! Length outside off, across him, and he slashes just inside the line and opens the face late to get it down.
1 run, fuller on the toes, digs it out in front of square.
1 run, full on the pads, tucked away towards squareleg.
2 runs, too full, driven straight back and it hits the stumps. Oh, it's deflected to the leg side and they come back for the second.
1 run, legbreak, sits up, punched uppishly down the ground.
no run, short of length outside off, goes back and cuts hard but cannot beat the point fielder.
2 runs, slower ball, big slog, off the inside half of the bat for two wide of long-on.
1 run, hits the deck hard with a short of length ball on the body, the batsman tucks this on the hop to square leg for his  first IPL fifty this season .
no run, on length on off stump, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, good length outside off, punched to sweeper cover on the up.
FOUR runs, slower short ball wide outside off, quick feet as he jumps out to reach that and then cut it between backward point and cover.
1 run, full and wide, drilled down to long-off for one.
1 run, dipping yorker on middle and leg, toe-ends a lofted hit to long on.
no run, back of a length outside off, zippy googly. Pushes at it without moving his feet and the ball beats his outside edge.
1 wide, shorter, higher, wide.
FOUR runs, and again. Lovely batting, this. Full ball tossed up outside off, stride out to meet that one on the pitch and goes inside-out again with the turn. Wide of long-off once more, and over the line after a bounce.
FOUR runs, hammered back over the bowler's head, one bounce to the ropes. Too full on off. Absolutely picked the bones out of that.
1 run, yorker on leg stump as the batsman back away outside leg stump but adjusts and pushes it to long-on.
1 run, slower ball on middle, punched towards extra cover for one.
1 run, flighted, and he swings this across the line towards deep midwicket. Just a single off this.
2 runs, short and just outside off, punched between deep midwicket and long-on and a fumble out there.
1 run, short of a length, around off, again uses soft hands for a single when he can't hit a boundary.
1 leg bye, back of a length, angling into leg stump. Looks to flick and only manages a bit of thigh pad into the leg side. Too much bounce for a serious lbw appeal.
1 run, short of a length, pretty straight, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, low full toss, dug out to short cover.
no run, lovely slow legbreak again, and beats the batsman again. This isn't a wide either.
1 run, back of a length and nips back in on off, the ball does not come onto the bat and messes with the batsman's back-foot punch. The result is an inside edge to cover.
1 run, drifts down leg, worked to square leg for a run. Now 6 off 14.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, he takes a big stride out and flicks it to long-on.
FOUR runs, and Umesh with the winning runs! He had it planned all along! Overpitched outside off again, flat again. Lots of pace again. And lots of gusto as Umesh swings for it to get it past cover.
no run, good length and just outside off, chops into the off side off the front foot.
1 run, nicely bowled. Inswinging yorker at middle stump. He steps out and jams this to mid-off.
OUT, short ball follows and mid-on takes it easily! Right on the money, Mitch! Bangs it in short, the batsman opens up a bit and pulls for a top-edge that goes high and Krunal comes under it comfortably.
no run, short of a length in the corridor, defended off the back foot.
2 runs, googly, into the pads on a length. Stands tall and tucks it fine off the back foot.
1 run, full and just outside off, mistimed slog to long-on's left.
1 run, length ball on the pads, turned to deep square leg.
no run, beaten. Googly, short of a length and into the corridor. Past the attempted cut.
no run, on a length, can't drive this, can't pull this. Pushes it back to Axar.
no run, driven back to mid-on. Hint of late inward movement for Mitch.
SIX runs, slog sweep. With the spin, against the spin, it doesn't matter. They are not letting the spinners bowl. Reminiscent of the Samson-Smith assault against CSK. Down on a knee to send this over wide long-on.
OUT, nails it! Another sweet yorker from the bowler. Straight for the base of middle stump and the batsman swishes around it.
1 run, flat non-turning ball, just back of a length, flicked to midwicket.
SIX runs, top edge on the pull but he has placed this in front of square so there is no boundary rider. He gets a small six for this.
2 runs, too short and Dhawan goes to pull hard, but doesn't time it all that well to deep square leg. Overthrows gives them two. Harpreet threw it well, but Rahul couldn't collect.
no run, another googly. Nice, slow and dipping. The point fielder is nice and tight to deny him this single.
no run, full on middle, and it's the slider! Goes straight through and his attempted defense finds the bat's outside edge. Goes to point.
1 run, makes room and punches to deep cover.
1 run, slower short ball at leg stump, checks the pull, taps it down to short fine.
no run, short of a length and slower in the corridor. Opens the face and steers to short third.
1 run, length outside off, gets low and paddles it to long leg.
1 leg bye, full ball, and he looks to play towards the onside, but it strikes his leg as he makes room. Will only get one for that.
1 run, very full and angling across off, pushed off the front foot wide of mid-off.
1 run, full outside off. Goes too hard on the cover drive, gets it out to long-on off the inside half of the bat.
1 wide, full and spinning down leg. Beaten on the flick.
1 run, through his shot early but nobody's there at mid-off. Length ball on middle, and Kishan mistimes his drive. Through to long on.
1 run, full on off and middle, worked to deep midwicket. 3-1-9-0 for Bhuvi. He'll be back later.
no run, down the wicket, the bowler stays short of a length and straight. Defended.
1 run, full and wide outside off, makes room, drives to sweeper cover.
no run, good length, he's back and punching to cover.
no run, shimmies over to off stump and gets a short ball at his hip. Fine leg is inside the circle, so the pull shot is on. Just doesn't connect well enough.
1 run, slower ball on middle, out comes the time honoured Suryakumar flick through the leg side, the lovely flourish but didn't time it well enough. One down to fine-leg.
1 run, good length outside off, and angling into Hardik. Cut off the back foot to point for a quick run. Off the mark.
1 run, on a length, middle and leg, pushed to long-on for one.
no run, short of a length, curving away. Faf with the waft. Beaten.
2 runs, too straight with the fine leg up. Clipped square of that short fine for two.
1 run, offbreak, short of a length, worked around the corner for one.
1 run, shortish, some width, slapped to the sweeper at the cover boundary.
OUT, give that man a raise! Sam Billings takes a stunner! A graceful leap forward after a short sprint in from a straight-ish deep square leg position and a tumble to kill the momentum without letting the elbow hit the floor - top class athleticism. Axar slices the short ball and it's dipping fast.
nan
FOUR runs, tries the short quick one again, 139ks, but his short fine is up and this is not smart bowling with that field, the batsman gets inside the line, and helps this over short fine.
1 run, pushed down to long on, just the one - but importantly he hands the strike over.
no run, length ball, he goes on the back foot to defend.
1 run, good length on off stump, whips to deep midwicket off the back foot.
SIX runs, there it is. Length ball on middle stump, gets down, gets under it, sweeps it high over deep square.
1 run, short and wide outside off, the batsman cuts to deep point.
FOUR runs, inside out to long off! Full, just outside off, and he drives this with the turn over the infield. Morris - at long off - runs forward to try and take the catch, but the ball falls just short and runs into the boundary. But Morris has injured his knee a bit while attempting that. Looks okay now.
no run, pull ends up hitting the stumps at the other end. Short of a length ball across him. He wants to pull but can't close the face on that as it goes away.
no run, leg-cutter at length on middle, worked to midwicket off the backfoot.
1 wide, looks for the yorker, but gets it too far down the leg side. Will have to rebowl this one.
no run, good length outside off, defended to a very close point.
1 run, through with the pull early, hit on the body. the bowler changed the pace, rolled his fingers across the seam to bowl a slower bouncer.
to Gaikwad, 1 run, full and swung away outside off, reaches out and slices to third man.
no run, good length on leg stump, nudged to midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, back of a length on middle, he turns this off the back foot to the sweeper at deep square.
1 run, flat to start off. It's the half-tracker, that DK comfortably flat-bats down the ground to long on.
SIX runs, that forecast might keep going up! De Villiers has absolutely monstered this straight back over the bowler's head. It was a long half volley, but he leathered it with awesome power. And they'll need another ball brought out. For real this time.
OUT, Rashid takes it at deep square leg. Looked like a knuckle ball. Full and at off stump. Gets on one knee again and hits this high into the evening sky with the attempted slog. Rashid has to run in a little and to his left. Samad tracks back from midwicket for a bit but lets it be. Rashid follows it as it dips on him and hangs on safely.
1 wide, full, very wide outside off, and Hardik lets it go. Collects the extra run.
FOUR runs, dropped short and down leg side, swivels to free up some room and drags this pull very fine.
no run, advances, but the bowler cleverly shortens the length, tucked into the leg side. Pressure building. As Ravi Shastri would often say, 'something's got to give'.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked to deep square.
FOUR runs, blasted through extra cover. Too short, he made room and then slapped it where he wanted.
1 leg bye, wrong'un pitching outside leg. Gets down low to sweep but is a touch late on the shot, ends up getting hit on the front pad.
1 run, yorker, outside leg, dug out to midwicket for one.
1 run, full on leg stump, and the batsman drives to long on for a walking single.
2 runs, low full toss, drilled back at him. Sam gets a hand on it. They take Jadeja on for a second and he rips the stumps out with a flat throw from long-on. The replays, though, show Archer has made it in.
1 run, inside edge to short fine as he walks down and looks for the straight loft. Through his shot early. It's a full ball outside off.
(no ball) SIX runs, short of length outside off, and the batsman uppercuts it over short third man and it sails all the way. And also, the bowler has overstepped here. A free-hit coming up but moreover, an extra ball.
no run, peach of a delivery! This is a fine slower ball from the bowler, who takes his pace right down to the low 120s, the batsman through his shot hours before the ball gets to him.
1 run, good length on middle stump, clipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, bowls the cross seamer, almost like a pacer! Full on middle, and the batsman pushes it towards midwicket and gets off strike.
no run, back of a length and outside off, he reaches out for a dab and misses.
1 run, good length outside off. Goes deep into the crease and cuts to deep extra cover.
1 run, dabs this gently into the off side, towards short third man, as they jog the single.
no run, on a length, on off, Rohit is squared up a touch and ends up defending this back to the bowler.
no run, tossed up outside off, the batsman goes for the reverse-sweep and misses.
OUT, Sran with another catch and he's too chuffed again as he hurls the ball in the air. the batsman steps down the track, completely foxed by the slower one from the bowler, and chips it in the air. Sran snaffles it at extra cover.
no run, good length on off stump, blocked on the front foot.
1 wide, slides down the leg side for a wide.
1 wide, he tries it again and concedes another wide. The wide yorker is well away from the tramline! Aargh.
1 run, dropped by Rabada diving forward at deep square too short and the batsman's eyes probably lit up. went at it hard, pulling off the back foot but didn't connect sweetly. Rabada put in the dive but couldn't hold on. the bowler ends with 3 for 40.
no run, appeal for lbw, but turned down! Inside edge, I think. Length ball on middle, and turning into the batsman. Hits his front leg, and impact's in front of leg stump, but the edge saves him.
no run, short of a length, no room, punched to point.
no run, on a length, outside off, hits him high on the bat and on the inside half of it.
to Aaron, no run, quick short ball, at his helmet, Aaron has to throw his bat up in self defence. Another dot.
1 run, looks to reverse and can't get it past short third. Length in the corridor, has a whip at it, but it's a slow pace and once again he can't get it away.
1 run, the batsman's down the track this time, but a shortish delivery from Sran hurries him and the best he can get is a single out to deep square.
no run, length ball wide outside off, left alone.
FOUR runs, ramped over short third. It's a low full toss on leg stump and he does what everyone does  manipulates the wrists to drag it past his right shoulder and lift it on the off side.
1 run, full and just outside off. Mistimed slog out to long-on.
1 wide, full and wide outside off, and takes the pace off the delivery. He's forced to reach at it, but can't get bat to ball. The umpire, however, thinks it's a wide.
OUT, picks out Rashid Khan in the deep! No, correction - Rashid Khan picks him up in the deep! This is a sprinting, sliding catch to his left at deep square leg. the batsman down the track again to meet the length ball at middle stump. It's a nicely timed flick and it's fairly wide of the fielder but he has held on without losing his balance.
1 run, lunges forward and eases this down to long-on for a single.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, runs this down to third man.
FOUR runs, lovely shot, but not so sure about Jordan's effort in the deep. the bowler tosses it up again, and he drives it over extra cover. Jordan, running from long-off, is within diving distance but chooses not to.
no run, good length and wide outside off, reaches out and guides it to backward point.
1 run, held back by the bowler at just over 122km/h, Dhawan turning the strike over with a push to cover.
5 wide, seam-up bouncer. Not sure the keeper knows this is coming. This is also down leg. Five wides.
1 run, full on leg, flicked away to deep midwicket.
no run, yorker outside off, beaten on the slash.
2 runs, dropped. Tough return catch for the bowler, that was drilled to his left, just above head height. Full ball outside off. Long-off gets across to it, to his right.
no run, bouncer at a middle stump line, gets inside the line and has a hack from under that. Well beaten.
FOUR runs, short, wide and he's slashed this to the third man boundary. 32-ball half-century  for the skipper. He's back and how.
no run, nutmegged. Full and tailing in late at leg stump. He looks to whip that behind square but misses as it dips on him.
1 run, good length and coming into the corridor. Dabbed into the off side with soft hands off the front foot.
OUT, taken at deep midwicket! There's the breakthrough. Went for a slog-sweep, against the longer boundary, takes the top edge and it's very well judged by Curran.
2 runs, diving AB again, pulls this back in for deep square. Short ball at middle stump, pulled between those two fielders. It's a big square boundary here.
nan
1 run, full on middle, whipped to deep midwicket.
no run, length outside off, defended into the off side.
no run, full just outside off, and defended towards cover point. We'll have to wait.
no run, full outside off, and turning further away. Yusuf checks his shot thinking it'll be a wide, but the umpire says that's fine.
1 run, eased with the spin to long-off.
1 run, great effort by Samson but puts the edge down Full ball and Vijay drives with feet not moving, it takes the outside edge. Samson flies to his right but can only get a glove to it, doesn't stick.
1 run, steers this length ball down to third man.
no run, length on middle, pushed to midwicket.
2 runs, yorker at leg stump, clipped between deep square and fine leg.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, opens the face and runs it to short third man.
no run, beaut! Good length on middle, and spins across the batsman's body. Tried to defend off the front foot, but he's no where near the ball.
no run, short and in at off stump, punched back down the pitch.
1 run, flat length ball on leg stump, gets forward for the inside-out push to the left of cover.
no run, wrong'un this time, worked to leg.
FOUR runs, a healthy inside edge. This one again tails away after pitching around middle and off, and the batsman drills it away through midwicket.
1 run, drifts into the pads, worked with the spin to long on.
no run, a good zippy length, sliding into the bat, on the back foot once more.
1 run, back of a length close to off stump. Lets it come on and defends with soft hands, and the ball rolls backwards into the vast space between the keeper and backward point.
1 wide, the consequence of that six is the bowler goes wider and ends up toeing the wide line. De Kock cleverly let that go. Extra ball, the bowler is under pressure early in the over.
FOUR runs, lofted to the extra cover boundary. Full and at off stump, clears the front leg and gets a clean swing inside-out.
1 run, leading edge but goes down the ground to long off. Tossed up on leg, and the googly was played towards the leg side. Leading edge takes it to the off side instead.
OUT, run out at the non-striker's end! Full and wide outside off again, and the batsman can't muscle this over cover either. Gowtham's quick to get to the other end, but the batsman's too slow. Rajasthan need 10 off two balls.
1 run, short at the hips, pulled to long leg.
no run, very full on off, the batsman hangs back again, played back to the bowler.
1 leg bye, what a comeback from the bowler. He is shorter, quicker and straighter, hitting him on the arm. They take a leg-bye but I am not sure he tried to play a shot here. The umpire should have been more vigilant. He was neither playing a shot nor taking evasive action. Sort of let the ball hit him.
1 run, backs away and slaps this to point. Didn't quite get the width he would've liked.
1 run, flatter, into the pads, pushed down to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, cut away, beats point like a tracer bullet as Shastri would say. Square third man stood no chance, magnificent timing.
1 run, short of a length, at off, runs off the thick edge to third man for one.
no run, length at off stump, looks to punch through the covers, gets a thick outside edge to point.
SIX runs, clears big Carlos at deep third man. Banged in short and outside off, the batsman upper-cuts it and sends the ball beyond the boundary for six.
1 run, finally one at 135 kph, length around off, Dhawan walks towards the bowler and taps it towards mid-off for a quick single.
SIX runs, looped up and outside off, the batsman dashes down the track, gets closer to the pitch and launches it with the break over the long-on fielder. He's been using his feet early in the innings v spin this season. First six of the night.
FOUR runs, starts with a full toss and Surya says fetch that! Pulled to beat deep backward square leg. Fierce sweep.
1 run, fullish outside off, driven away to deep point.
FOUR runs, too wide outside off, and then spinning sharply inwards. the batsman goes deep into his crease and thumps a flat-batted shot to the wide long-on boundary.
1 run, works this googly from length on middle to deep midwicket.
1 run, full outside off, pushed to long-off.
2 runs, full on middle, and he shuffles across before driving straight down the ground. Long-on cleans up.
FOUR runs, flicks this full toss, fine leg need not bother getting around because he'll never get there.  Half-century for the batsman .
no run, length ball, just outside off, and the ball stays low! the batsman tries to cut, but the ball goes under his blade.
no run, huge appeal for lbw now as the batsman premeditates a sweep, giving the bowler the time he needs to adjust and sneak in the quicker delivery. He hopes its in line with off stump. But at the point where it hits the batsman's pads, it might be just outside.
1 run, a googly outside off, worked to midwicket.
1 run, length outside off, gets forward and stabs into the cover region.
no run, good length just outside off, punched into the covers.
no run, lunges forward and turns this gently into the leg side.
no run, short of a length, at off, no room, fended to cover.
no run, starts with an inswinger, Sharma has to reach out to push at it. Hits the inside half of the bat and goes to mid-on.
OUT, full toss, on off, gets big on him, for a catch at point. They will check the height of the full toss, though. Has dipped just enough in the nick of time. So it is a fair delivery, and another wicket goes down.
no run, full on off, and the googly goes away from the batsman. Steered to short third man.
1 run, good length at leg stump, shuffles and taps to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, creamed but it's cut off by long-off on the bounce. Got nicely to the pitch of this and launched it over the bowler's head.
no run, back of a length, off stump line, he defends on the back foot to backward point.
1 run, short on middle, clears his front leg and drags it to wide long-on.
1 run, good length on off stump, jabs it into the covers with soft hands.
1 run, decent yorker outside off, dig out for one.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and punching this down to long on.
1 run, knuckle ball it looks like. Length at off stump, punched on the up to long-off.
no run, beaten. Plays for the googly outside off, but this zips away from a length.
FOUR runs, oh dear another misfield, and this is unpardonable from Boult. One of the best outfielders in the world. Full ball carved to deep extra's right. Boult sprints across and it bounces up for him at a comfortable height. Ends up completely missing it. Expect a bit of this in the opening stages of the tournament.
no run, stumping appeal as the googly rips past the outside edge. He was stepping down at this outside off. But has managed to stretch the back leg in.
FOUR runs, short at off stump, shuffles and pulls calmly yo the midwicket boundary.
no run, dropped! It was down the leg side and helped along straight to short fine-leg where Ishant Sharma spills a dolly.
OUT, the bouncer has done the trick! Pacy bouncer, the batsman is late on the pull and in doing so, feathers one to a leaping Karthik. Fist pumps. One Jamaican gets the other.
SIX runs, slog sweep, the big slog sweep. Uses his height to reach it even though the ball is not full enough. Keeps his head down, and lofts this over midwicket.
OUT, like the London buses. And it tells you the old thing about bowling: you keep bowling well for long enough, and the wickets will come. And if they come after a long interval, they will come in clutches. Lovely ball to get the form man. On a length, angling in towards middle, then holding its line against the angle and uprooting the off stump. Dhawan likes to stay legside of the ball anyway. At 147.4ks too.
FOUR runs, speaking of ugly heaves! the batsman goes for one first ball and it is near perfect. Length at middle, gets it over square leg and beats deep midwicket's slide to the right.
no run, short and outside off, dragged off the inside half to short midwicket.
1 run, yorker at the stumps, jammed to deep midwicket.
1 run, too short, he rocks back and slashes to deep point.
FOUR runs, oh unlucky at sweeper cover. Good length ball outside off, absolutely smoked on the rise past extra cover. Sarfaraz sprints and puts in the dive to his right to get to it. Just manages to get away from him because of the momentum.
no run, full toss, driven straight to short cover.
SIX runs, the batsman bangs a length ball for six over long off, but RCB win the game.
no run, full slower ball, a dipping full toss on off stump. KW making room by getting into the leg side but is deceived by the pace. It bounce back to the bowler.
1 wide, length ball on middle, but sliding down the leg side. Dhawan misses the flick, Rahul collects. Wide signalled.
2 runs, full on off, and that's been carved towards backward point. Chase for the fielder in the deep, which allows the batsman to come back for the second.
FOUR runs, the bowler rolls his fingers across this slower ball outside off, the batsman slog-sweeps across the line and top-edges the slower ball fine of short third man.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to deep cover for one.
no run, the slower ball as Curran comes down, the pace of the ball beats him as he swings and misses and Kishan takes it after a bounce.
no run, again, the googly stops on the batsman. Wanted to punch through cover, ends up playing it back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, follows him down leg but drops it short. the batsman opens up the body and pulls it over the square leg fielder.
1 run, floats up a full toss outside off that's been punched down to long-off.
1 run, fullish length, sliding in, tucked off the pads to deep square leg.
no run, short of a length, wicket to wicket, the batsman has to abort his back lift and push this to mid-off.
FOUR runs, just clears mid-off with a miscued swipe. Short of a length and just outisde off. Slices from under that. Looks like ball hitting bat rather than the other way round. But it's looped over Iyer and run into the boundary.
no run, beaten by zip and extra bounce. Not much of pace or so to say, just 129.2kph, looks to flay that through point but is late on the shot.
1 run, short of a length, angling in, worked to leg for one.
no run, flatter on the stumps, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, down the wicket to push this length ball to long-on for one.
2 runs, short of a length, really slow off the surface, pulled in front of deep square for two.
1 run, gets the wide yorker right this time. Steered to third man for one.
1 run, pitches the first one short and the batsman pulls it to deep midwicket.
1 run, floated up on middle and leg, chipped down to long-on.
1 run, slower ball off the back of the hand, dipping on the right-hander. the batsman defends in front of middle and gets a single.
no run, goes short outside leg, and DK wants to pull. He can't connect, and goes through to Kishan. What's surprising is the umpire doesn't call it a wide. the batsman is bemused.
1 run, swings in again, the batsman looks for a whip into the leg side and gets a thick inside edge onto the pad.
OUT, the leg stump's uprooted! Flatter ball on middle, and the batsman's halfway down the wicket. He misses the leg-side heave, and the ball goes between bat and pad. Crashes into leg stump and the bowler's pumped!.
1 run, fires it in from around the wicket, the batsman reads the trick early and chops it behind point.
1 run, length ball, down the leg side, whipped away, but straight to long leg.
1 run, length on middle stump, punched back down the pitch and the bowler misfields.
SIX runs, that is Samson-like. the bowler overpitches outside off, and he just extends his arms through it to loft him over long-off for a huge six.
no run, beaten. Good length and just outside off. Drives on the up and from inside the line of that.
FOUR runs, length ball with a bit of nip away, the batsman punches off the backfoot between cover and point diving to his right.
1 run, slow outside off, the batsman opens the bat face and guides the ball to point for one. An under-rated shot, using the face to hit the ball square on the off side.
FOUR runs, full ball, and he has swung this towards deep midwicket. There's a fielder in that region, but he has placed it to the right, more in the region of wide long on. One bounce, four!.
OUT, muscled to long on! The experiment fails. Full outside off, and he tries to send it into orbit. Got his front leg out of the way to connect with it, but the lack of pace does the batsman in. Played too early, and easy for Tiwary in the deep.
no run, beaten on the outside edge. Length ball banged into the corridor, moving away off the seam. the batsman looks to run it to third man but can't connect.
1 run, right into the blockhole, the batsman backs away and squeezes this to cover.
no run, big turn past the outside edge as this drifts in and draws him into the forward block.
no run, slower length ball outside off, the batsman skipped down the ground, but is beaten by the lack of pace, had to adjust and defend it towards extra cover in the end.
1 run, length on middle stump, flicked to long-on.
no run, good end to the over, keeping it wicket to wicket and pushing the batsman back with his length. the batsman punches it to mid-on.
2 runs, slower bouncer, the batsman goes for it, and makes sure he pulls in front of square because the boundary rider is square on the leg side. Gets two for it.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, dropped towards point for one.
1 run, flatter, quicker, punched to deep cover for one.
no run, full outside leg stump, and he's down on one knee to sweep. Straight to short fine leg.
no run, beaten as he looks to slash this one! Too close to play that.
FOUR runs, smeared into the gap at cover point. Stood tall and punched it away on the up, super timing. Has Rashid done some damage in trying to stop that? Burst through his fingers.
1 run, fullish length, spins in from outside off, and the batsman flicks to midwicket.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, dabs it to third man off the outside half.
1 run, slower ball again, cut away for a single.
1 run, works this full delivery from outside off to wide mid-on.
(no ball) SIX runs, no-ball, and he has driven this straight down the ground over long on! Too much of a length ball, but he overstepped to begin with. Free hit now!.
1 wide, quick! Full on middle, but going down the leg side. the batsman did go chasing after it, but couldn't manage to clip it off his hips.
FOUR runs, full toss and Faf dances down to drive powerfully straight of long on! Great footwork again to get there on the full. He timed it beautifully to beat the man on the rope.
1 wide, goes for the yorker, but slides down the leg side.
no run, and this one is closer to off-stump, the batsman wants to steer it fine, ends up missing it.
FOUR runs, pushed through on the leg stump, stretches out and paddles it away fine. The man in the deep is squarer and that's another four for the batsman.
no run, carrom ball. Singh stays back and defends this length ball. Accurate again.
SIX runs, short again, not sure what the bowler is trying here! Forget the off side, the batsman rocks back this time and pulls it high and wide over long-on.
1 wide, stays wide of his reach but bowls too wide. Not happy with the call.
1 run, length ball, outside off, punched to long-off for one.
1 run, on the pads this time as the batsman flicks to backward square leg and slips in his hurry to get back for the second. Has to settle for one.
1 run, full outside off, driven with the turn to long-off.
1 leg bye, acrobatic work from Katthik behind the wicket. Deflection off Sharma's pad as he tries the sweep, and Karthik has covered it well with his body but can't prevent one leg-bye.
no run, fullish, an offcutter from the bowler, beats the drive on the inside.
no run, length outside off, tapped into the covers.
1 run, nudges it down the ground to long-on.
no run, fuller, wider, and he cuts this away, but cannot beat point.
FOUR runs, thick outside edge as he attempts to slash over point, but this one flies over Buttler's outstretched hands behind the stumps. Streaky boundary.
FOUR runs, ends his spell with the offcutter, but Yusuf flat-bats it over the umpire for four! Rayudu at long on tries his best to cut it off, but he's just a bit too slow. Dhoni's not pleased.
1 run, dropped? A tough chance! Short and wide, the batsman under-edges the ball towards the keeper. Kishan dives to his left, gets there, but the ball pops out. A chance he should have taken, I feel.
1 wide, good length on leg stump, but goes down the leg side with the batsman shuffling across to the off side.
2 runs, short at middle stump, pulled to deep square's right.
no run, nicely bowled. Jams that into the surface and rolls the fingers at it. It grips and gets big to cramp Dube, who was backing away. He can only tap it back at the bowler.
1 run, short of a length, no room, worked to leg for one.
1 run, back of a length on off, leans back and punches down to wide long-on.
FOUR runs, short, wide, freebie. the batsman slashes it away, up and over backward point.
1 run, another yorker, dug out for one to long-on.
1 run, short of a length and shaping into the corridor. Drags it to midwicket's right with a closed face.
no run, back of a length outside off, 137 kph, some width. Krishna may want to avoid that line. Cut away towards backward point.
1 run, length on middle, rocks back and pushes it to long-on.
1 run, length outside off, nonchalantly steered to third-man to retain strike.
1 run, back of a length outside off, stays on the back foot and flat-bats it down to long off.
SIX runs, head-down six. Gets the big stride in, not right to its pitch, but close enough to swing through the line and go over long-on.
no run, beats him with a yorker, but it does my head in why they don't try to run the bye. Really strange they won't keep running till they are run out.
no run, leading edge to backward point, loud call of noooooooooo from the batsman.
no run, full outside off, comes forward, turns the face and pushes it to midwicket.
no run, back of a length, punched into the covers.
1 run, gets well across the crease and tucks this from outside off into midwicket.
2 runs, short and wide, the batsman dares to go over the in-field and just about clears the point fielder. And, oh, that's some great teamwork at the boundary. Two fielders - Rayudu and Karn Sharma converging - Rayudu slides forward and Karn, running across, gets the boot across to push it back and Rayudu does well to avoid contact as he completes the slide.
no run, back of a length close to off stump, defended into the point region.
1 run, good length and sliding into the corridor. Looks to force it through cover off the back foot, gets a thick inside edge towards mid-on.
1 run, slower ball outside off, Axar goes for an ugly heave, doesn't get much on it as it trickles away to long-on for one.
1 wide, short and down leg side, beaten on the pull.
FOUR runs, short, flat, quick, but does not bounce as much as the batsman expected it to. the batsman shapes for the pull but adjusts superbly to the lack of bounce. He shovels it with the bottom hand and summons enough power. What was more remarkable was that he found the gap between deep midwicket and wide long-on.
1 run, a bit closer to the stumps, swept down to long leg.
no run, well bowled, wrong'un. Pitches on about middle stump and beats Dhawan's attempted sweep.
SIX runs, clears the wide long-on boundary this time. Lobbed up at a good length, steps right out and completes the swing nicely to send this 84 metres.
no run, good length, outside off, defends.
1 run, flat down leg, worked away to deep midwicket.
no run, length ball outside off, and DK tries to glance it fine past the keeper's right. But can't get bat to ball, and the delivery sneaks past the outside of his bat.
no run, good length and in at off stump, punched to mid-off on the up.
no run, slower offcutter on off stump, the batsman checks his shot and pushes it back to the bowler.
OUT, full on off, and the batsman goes for a wild leg-side heave. Tries to send it over deep midwicket, but comes off the bat's toe end. Billings, at cow corner, takes a few steps in front and completes the catch.
no run, on a length, wicket to wicket, pushed to short midwicket.
FOUR runs, length, but strays on to the pads, and he has flicked this one past short fine leg, and finds the long leg boundary.
no run, quicker delivery, 95ks, turns back in sharply, hits him on the pad again.
1 run, slower ball, length and width on it outside off. Slapped straight to cover point who misfields.
no run, flatter and quicker on off stump, quite full, and the batsman, moving deep in his crease premeditatedly, defends into the covers.
nan
1 run, googly on off, comes forward and pushes it to cover's right for one.
FOUR runs, oh sweet! Top-drawer straight drive. This is full and on off stump, he gets the front leg out of the way and drills it cleanly past the stump.
no run, length outside off, goes back and cuts it towards backward point.
no run, goes through him! Umesh cranking it up and bowling short to the batsman even as he's making room to target the off side. This time the ball swings into him and he can't get any bat on that.
no run, length on leg stump, looks for the paddle sweep, cops it on the pad outside the line of leg stump.
FOUR runs, full and wide again, and he lifts it over extra cover like the throwdown it is.
1 leg bye, yorker on leg stump. Nicely bowled. De Villiers can't get this flick away. Cops it on the pad and it deflects into the off side.
1 run, steps out and whips this carrom delivery to long on.
no run, futile yet loud appeal for lbw from the bowler as this quick delivery beats the batsman but he was struck outside the leg stump after he missed the flick. It also pitched outside leg.
no run, dropped very short and wide outside off. Can't beat extra cover with the cut.
1 run, short, slow, spins away, the batsman swats it down to long-on.
1 run, full on the pads, slower, tucked away through midwicket.
OUT, loud appeal for lbw. It's given. the batsman will review this. He's caught on the back foot trying to flick. He's shuffled too. Middle and leg stump visible. This will be plumb if he hasn't got bat on it. Pitching outside off, spinning back in and hitting off stump.
1 run, on a length, slow off the surface, worked to leg for one.
no run, very full on off, presses forward and drives to mid-on.
1 run, fuller outside off again, Hardik moves across and scoop-drives it. Long off's there now so he collects.
2 runs, good length just outside off, gets low with a forward stride, keeps his eyes on that and laps it to long leg's right.
1 run, down the track and the bowler dangles it up wider and slower. Has to wait for it to land, brings his bottom hand into play to drag it down to long-on.
1 run, tossed up at off stump, gets on the front foot and drives to long-off.
no run, tossed up, and he drives again, but cannot beat the man at extra cover.
1 run, length ball angled into the stumps. Walks down the pitch and nudges to long-on on the up.
SIX runs, steps out and lofts it straight. Good length ball pushed through flat. He's down to the pitch of that and gets a nice clean swing from under it.
OUT, excellent response, the line goes a bit wider and the length fuller but well short of a driving length, especially on this bouncy surface. the batsman has been eager to drive on the up today, but he stays a little leg-side of the ball at all times, and early in his innings that can make him play inside the line, especially when the ball is angling away from him. He does so here, and gets a thin edge through to de Kock.
SIX runs, the batsman you ballerina beauty Full ball outside off, well wide of off and the batsman falls over while driving it straight back over the bowler's head. Middles it while falling down and sends it over the fence! Incredible.
no run, good length on leg stump, and that's been fended off the back foot towards midwicket.
2 runs, legcutter at a good length, cramping him as he backs into the leg side. He dabs it through square leg with soft hands and steals a second.
1 run, offbreak, drifting in, no turn, worked to leg.
(no ball), beamer the dew is making it hard for sure. That slipped out of Curran's hands and ends up at Dhawan's throat almost. He does well to pat it down, and it bounces to the keeper. Free hit coming up.
1 run, shortish and wide outside off, slashed down to third man for a run.
1 run, dropped by Kohli! Well, the game's safe so it won't be a costly mistake, but these never look good. The ball was slogged almost straight to him, but it just pops out of his reverse-cupped hands. De Villiers, close to him at long off, has a chuckle.
1 run, offcutter at a length on leg stump, flicked to deep square off the back foot.
SIX runs, punched over the midwicket boundary. the bowler, on the defensive, around the wicket and bowling short on the leg stump. It was bound to go there.
1 run, length on the pads, pushed towards midwicket for a single.
1 run, full outside off, driven to deep cover for one.
1 run, tries the big sweep, the full ball skids through to take the bottom edge to short fine leg.
FOUR runs, carted away. Full ball outside off, steps into line and slogs and ugly slog well in front of square. Midwicket was in the circle.
1 run, length on middle, hurries on a little again as Hardik closes the face a little early, gets a ;leading edge down to third-man.
2 runs, too short and the batsman rocks back to pull this powerfully to deep midwicket. Hit too well almost so he has to sprint back to make the second run.
OUT, the batsman holes out off the next ball, to wide long-on. the bowler hits a back of a length outside off, the batsman does not get on top of the bounce ends up splicing a catch to Pollard.
1 wide, tails away down the leg side.
SIX runs, and that's two in two. Can the batsman repeat his Kolkata performance? Length ball on off, and comfortable for the big man. Winds up, and then smashes this pull over wide long on.
no run, short of a length, angling in towards off stump. Looks for the front-foot swipe to long-on, only manages a thick inside edge into his front pad.
FOUR runs, short ball, hurries onto him as he goes for the pull, the fielder at fine leg has a chance to his left, makes good ground and times his dive well but spills it as he lands.
1 run, length at middle stump, punched to deep midwicet.
2 runs, length ball on middle stump, gets on the front foot and flicks to deep midwicket.
1 run, good length on middle, and angling away from Rinku. Chopped down to Harbhajan at third man.
1 run, slower ball, and full on off. the batsman spots it, and waits for eternity, before whipping it to deep backward square.
no run, turns it a mile outside off! the batsman went back in the crease to asses the turn and couldn't get close to it eventually.
1 run, hip-high short ball on middle and leg, slower one, short-arm jabbed to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, width offered again, and the batsman cuts it late enough for it to go between point and short third man. Absolutely played to perfection on this occasion.
OUT, and the bowler has the record for best IPL figures! And can you believe it, this has come on his IPL debut. What a superstar. Length ball, wide outside off, and he tries to dab a cut fine. Takes a thick edge, and QdK makes no mistake. Sunrisers are 96 all out, Mumbai win by 40 runs!.
1 run, full toss again. They're getting their yorker attempts all wrong here. Slammed down to long-off.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, stays leg-side of the ball and pumps it through the covers.
no run, flat length ball, punched to cover.
1 wide, bouncer dug in too short. No chance he's going to hit that.
1 run, short ball, into the ribs, pulled away to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, short outside off, but not fast enough. Chops it down to third man.
1 run, big dipper from the bowler but the line is wrong - on leg stump - paddled away to fine leg.
FOUR runs, shot, Suryakumar. Stands tall to another back-of-a-length ball outside off and punches it beautifully through the covers. So easy on the eye .
SIX runs, sits up for the slog and the batsman shows he's not above such temptation. Takes aim and smashes the short ball outside off over midwicket.
no run, length on middle, hurries on to Hardik, defends it back.
no run, looks for the lap sweep as he sees a wristspun delivery, but this is a googly and he has lapped this into his own helmet. It lands safe.
no run, short of a length, again, cramps him up with the angle. Pushed to mid-on.
no run, thick outside edge. A slower ball to start. Full and just outside off. Reaches out at it with hard hands. Once bounce and into a tumbling Gayle's hands.
FOUR runs, full ball, and a bit of width, and he gets this one through covers comfortably.
1 run, full and into the pads, flicked to deep square's right.
no run, googly, the batsman blocks it from deep in his crease.
OUT, a loud shout of come on from the bowler as he has the batsman caught at long-on. This is a carrom ball, but he has overpitched it. No turn on it, but the batsman's bottom hand comes off the bat as he looks to go over long-on. Rabada dives to his right at long-on to catch this.
OUT, short, and the bowler has his revenge here! Change in pace, off-cutter, and Hardik looks to go over square leg, and gets a top edge. It flies high in the night sky, and Pant gets under it and completes the catch. This has been a special cameo from Hardik, though. Just what Mumbai needed.
no run, just short of third man this time and oncethe body again, good work from the fielder to get the body behind it. Slower ball at a length outside off, thick outside edge on the slash.
no run, googly, short of a good length and just outside off. Opens the face and gets it to short third.
1 run, short of a length, angling in, punched to leg for one.
SIX runs, another one! De Villiers brings up the 100 stand with his seventh six, Hardus feeding him a full straight one and the batsman hammering it over wide long on.
OUT, First Kohli, and now the batsman! This was the legbreak, full outside off, and he tries to slap this over cover. slices the shot, though, and it's too easy for the fielder running in from cover. the bowler does the double over Kohli and de Villiers in IPL 2019.
1 run, back of a length, wide outside off, and tapped away to point for a walking single. the batsman keeps strike, and the bowler finishes his spell with 2-17.
no run, length, and he plays an under-edge but wide of off stump.
FOUR runs, races away. Rashid drops short, the batsman goes back and pulls over midwicket for four. Just read the length quickly.
1 wide, slants this full delivery down leg, will have to rebowl that.
1 run, a slower ball on leg. chopped away towards point for a run.
no run, full, on off, driven back to him.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and the batsman check-drives to long off. Just five off the over from the bowler.
1 run, length on middle stump and he skips down to punch this to long-on.
1 run, pushed through at off stump, punched to long-off.
1 run, slants this one into middle and leg, tucked to square leg. A direct hit at the bowler's end from Chahal and the batsman would've been gone.
1 run, good length outside off, hangs leg side of it and steers to third man from the crease.
1 run, the batsman keeps backing away, the bowler keeps cramping him up. Hit down to long-off for one.
2 runs, and another but not too much control this time. Length just outside off, offers the angled bat and it goes wide to third man's right.
no run, on a length, 139ks, just outside off, he makes room and pushes this to cover-point.
no run, rolls the fingers again, the batsman steps back, deep into his crease to defend. Keeping it solid while he finds his range  .
1 run, full on off, and he comes down the wicket to drive through the cover region. Deep extra cover's there.
OUT, the wild slog and the bowler strikes! Flat and straight, as anticipated, Dhawan looks to slog sweep that over midwicket but he doesn't make contact. The ball beats the slog, clips the thigh pad and then knocks into the stumps. That'll slow Sunrisers down. Again, the first over after a time-out.
1 run, full on middle and leg, pushed to long-on for one. Biding their time.
FOUR runs, fuller on the stumps, trying to mix it up but the batsman doesn't miss out, just the full face of the bat and it races past mid-on for four more.
1 run, full outside off, and he can't put it away. Mistimes the cut to point, who misfields himself, which allows DK to get off strike.
no run, 142.5ks back-of-a-length ball, straightening away outside off, the batsman throws his hands at the ball but only collects fresh air. Encouraging carry to Kishan.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, steered to third man off the back foot.
1 run, back of a length outside off, carved to deep point. That is an awesome spell, 1 for 19 in these batting-friendly conditions.
1 run, this is swinging in again, and draws an inside edge onto the pad, and they get a single straight of that short midwicket.
1 run, swept away to long leg.
no run, full on off and driven to wide mid off.
1 run, length ball angling in towards the batsman, the batsman backs away and pulls it down the ground, one bounce to Vijay Shankar.
OUT, just reward for Rajppot. He has hardly erred with his wide lines to the batsman. He shuffles wide this time to try to go over point but doesn't get power behind this open-face shot, and is caught at the square third man boundary.
FOUR runs, backs away and carves the 137 kph short ball to the point boundary. A shot that is meant to dictate terms.
2 runs, short, cuts into the batsman and gives him no pace, pulled away backward of square leg and this time they charge back for the second. Rahul takes the bails off after gathering the throw but the batsman's well inside.
1 run, short of a length, on off, the batsman goes inside the line to pull, but can't beat deep square leg.
no run, tossed up further, he checks a drive to cover.
OUT, full on off, and lifted off his pads towards the leg side. Not hit well enough, and Klaasen - at wide long on - takes an easy catch. Looks like it's the knuckleball that earns the bowler the wicket.
(no ball) 1 bye, big wide down the leg side, Buttler fails to make a clean connection as it bounces in front of him so they run an extra run. Oh hello, it is a no-ball too. So he has to change his signal: no-ball takes precedence over the wide. So we have a free hit coming up.
1 run, on a length, around off, pushed wide of mid-on for one.
no run, a fresh-air shot as he swings to the leg side against a short-of-a-length delivery outside off.
FOUR runs, another leg-sidish delivery. CSK can ill-afford this. Angled into his pads and Suryakumar gets on his toes before tucking it off the pads behind square.
SIX runs, ohhhhh yesssss! Last ball of the Powerplay crunched over the long-off boundary. the batsman backs away to get full swinging room at this overpitched ball on off. Brings out the full swing too to lift this, flat.
SIX runs, length, and he has hit this over long on for six!.
SIX runs, demolished. the bowler misses the yorker again, too full and the batsman powers this straight back past the bowler and over the sightscreen.
1 run, length ball, comes back into him off the seam, and he pushes this towards cover and picks up one.
FOUR runs, ferocious sweep, beats square leg. Fetched this from length outside off and picked the bones out of that. Controlled it very nicely.
1 run, pushed just wide of point for one.
no run, shortish, tries to heave a pull and mistimes it along the ground to midwicket.
1 run, yorker just outside off, opens the face again but hits this one straight to short third.
1 run, full on off, and that's been whipped down the ground to long on. They easily walk across for the run.
no run, beats the outside edge with a flat legbreak outside off. Pushes on the front foot to defend. Saha can't hold on.
1 wide, called A WIDE! AND ONE BOUNCER! A short delivery on off, loops over the batsman's head.
no run, on a length, outside off, slight turn back, punched to the right of the bowler but not wide enough.
2 runs, length around off, stays beside the line and punches it towards deep point for a couple.
1 run, on a length, angling in, clipped away to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, walks across the stumps, holds his shape and hoicks this slower ball into the gap at deep midwicket.
1 run, fuller ball, outside off, and he drives this to long off.
no run, right into the blockhole, squeezed to mid-on.
1 run, this time he goes back to cut the slider to deep cover-point for one.
no run, another googly, length around off and middle, defended from the back foot.
1 run, length ball on the stumps play back and almost chops it on, a single to short third man.
no run, length ball, wide outside off, and Mitch pulls off the back foot to midwicket.
no run, short of a length, on off, good carry as it is left alone.
no run, looks to run this down to third man but can't beat the slip.
FOUR runs, half-volley at 140ks. RCB bowlers infuriating here. Haven't they watched how CSk bowled? the batsman accepts the gift with thanks and pushes this wide of mid-off for four.
FOUR runs, slog, edge, boundary, fifty. This is a strange, stop-start innings, lacking fluency for most part, but he's still there, and he slogs at this length ball outside off and gets a thick edge that races away to the right of short third man.
1 run, using the angle, the batsman flicks a single out to deep square leg.
no run, length ball on off, and the wrong'un spins inwards. the batsman makes room to cut, but the ball follows him. Mistimed to point.
1 run, dropped short and at his chest. Pulled firmly, straight to deep midwicket.
no run, very full length from round the wicket, driven with an open face and gathered in the gully. An almost Test-match flash of play there. It won't last.
SIX runs, a great catch from Dhawan at long-on, but he backtracks into the boundary cushion. Slapped with fierce power from the batsman, flat and hard. Dhawan takes an overhead catch but goes back into the boundary for six. This is a lovely cameo.
FOUR runs, just tapped into the gap between short third man and backward point. It's dug in short, and a tad wide outside off. the batsman just bunts that chopped cut into the gap, to third man's right.
no run, lbw appeal is turned down as the batsman gets in a tangle attempting the reverse sweep. It's a length ball from around the wicket, it's come off the glove.
OUT, middle stump! the batsman is also done by the slow pace! Expects this to turn into him and go over the cover region, but this is straight past the outside edge. Didn't get to the pitch of the ball.
1 run, wide length ball, hit in the air, but wide of point for one.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, pulled to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, driven to long-on's left.
1 run, slower short ball at middle, shoveled down to fine leg.
to AB, 1 run, slower ball, short of a length, worked to leg for one.
1 run, length ball just outside off, runs it to point's left on the up.
no run, slower ball, off stump, he pushes from the crease and gets an outside edge that rolls along the ground to short third man.
no run, length on middle stump, defended on the front foot.
no run, yorker on off stump, he squeezes it out to extra cover.
2 runs, on a length, outside off, goes back to punch this against the turn, and past cover. Good timing. Sign of a turnaround?.
1 run, works it away to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, sliced over point! Yorker at off stump, gets deep in the crease and he looks to jam this through the leg side. It pings off the back of his closed face and that's four.
no run, length ball on off, and that's been punched down the ground. Mid on's there.
1 run, a flatter one down leg, worked to deep midwicket.
no run, looks for the big hit down the wicket, is hit high on the bat by a length ball.
1 leg bye, full and into the pads, can't get bat on the attempted flick.
1 leg bye, quick yorker, 143ks, at his toes, just the one leg-bye.
2 runs, pulled nicely but there's a man strategically placed in front of square - between deep square and deep midwicket - for the shot. Two it will be to round off the first over.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
no run, full outside off again, and this time the drive's been crunched! But stopped by the fielder at cover.
SIX runs, uses his feet to get to a length ball, and lofts this straight over the bowler, and all the way for six over long off. Beautiful from the batsman!.
2 runs, short of a length, on the pads, clipped away in front of long leg.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and punched to extra cover for a single.
1 run, cutter dropped short on middle stump. Drags the pull to deep square on the bounce.
FOUR runs, he's ending with a flourish at least, ensuring the damage to the net run-rate is minimal. length ball on off and clobbered through extra cover for a well struck boundary.
no run, short and wide outside off, looks for the cut and is beaten.
1 run, slower ball at a length, just outside off. Rolls his fingers over that one. Chopped to third man again.
1 run, fuller outside off, stays leg side of the ball and steers it towards sweeper cover.
no run, Watto looks for a dab down to third man, but he can't beat gully.
1 run, slower length ball outside off, sliced straight to short third man.
SIX runs, whipped over square leg now. Don't feed the batsman there! Tyagi likes bowling wide of the crease and the first three balls have been a perfect release for the batsman. This one is the best of them all, because it's close to his body. He's on the front foot for the short-arm pull.
1 run, fuller ball, but he flicks this away towards midwicket, and retains strike for the last over.
2 runs, just past mid-off. He was backing away and reaching out at this length ball going across him. Toe-ended to Curran's right.
1 run, floated up at off stump, drives to extra cover with soft hands to steal the single.
1 wide, full, slow and sliding down leg.  the batsman tries a flick. Doesn't come off.
SIX runs, oh such a good hitter. The third instance of the batsman absolutely nailing one off the middle. Another full ball at middle stump, and he creates the swinging room for a slog sweep.
SIX runs, just past deep midwicket! Good length, googly outside off. Steps out and swings through the line with some hope. It's off the inside half of the bat and just lifts over the boundary as the fielder runs to his right.
1 run, follows it with a full ball on the pads, the batsman happily tucks it away to deep square leg.
1 run, waits, waits and then steers this to backward point for a quick single.
no run, short of a length at off stump, makes room and punches to extra cover.
no run, back of a length outside off, 130 kph. the batsman finds point with a dab.
1 run, sliding into leg stump, tickled off an inside edge to short fine leg.
1 run, looks to shuffle and ramp, but Curran bowls the slower one and concedes just the one leg-bye.
1 run, on a length, quick, outside off, runs off the outer half of the bat for a single.
1 run, short of a length, angling away, punched to deep cover.
1 wide, looks to cramp him with a yorker, assuming he'll try to make room, and ends up spearing it a long way down the leg side.
1 run, skids one through on off stump, punched to Jadeja at deep point.
no run, beaten by pace on the flick. Full and skidding onto the front pad, just outside the line of leg stump, as he looks to flick. 144.7kph.
no run, yorker outside off, drilled back towards the bowler who sits down and holds on his follow through.
1 run, Three fielders, including the bowler, converge but the ball drops in between them. Tossed up and spins away outside off, the ball turns in the batsman's hands as he skews it over the bowler's head. Yuvraj runs in from long-off, can't get there. Axar runs back, can't get there either. The ball was far away from the other fielder.
1 run, gets a full delivery after a short ball and he lofts it with those powerful wrists to deep square leg.
OUT, top edged to Dhoni! Short on off, and the batsman tries to pull this over midwicket, but can only find the bat's edge. Great day for the bowler.
1 run, picked away! Too short, he's cracked the cut, Jadeja hares to his left to cut that off.
1 leg bye, strays on the pads again, and the batsman misses the flick, but it rolls to short fine for a leg bye.
FOUR runs, lovely batting. Short of a length, just the amount of width he needs, and he steers this wide of short third man.
no run, wrong'un, the batsman looks for the cut, but is cramped by it. Bottom edge goes to point.
1 run, pretty full on middle stump, 144.1ks, pace like fire, jabbed behind square on the off side.
FOUR runs, short again, on-pace again, 143s. the batsman pulls him handsomely again. And there is no deep square leg in place.
2 runs, slower ball, short of a length, punched in front of deep cover, and Stoinis makes a diving save to his right.
SIX runs, short ball, angled across him, and the batsman flays a pull over midwicket. Another massive hit.
no run, fullish length outside off, strides across and nudges towards mid-on.
1 run, makes room, the bowler fires it in full around leg stump, the batsman swings anyway and gets a thick inside edge down to deep squareleg.
no run, slower length ball, 111.6ks, the batsman tries to flick but is hit on the pad. Pitching outside leg.
2 runs, short and wide outside off, but the batsman can't put it away. Bottom-edges this flat-batted shot to long off. Fifty for the batsman!.
1 run, good length and just outside off, runs it down to third man.
no run, flatter and quicker towards off stump, Rohit goes back and punches it into the covers.
1 run, full and wide, nearly a yorker, dug out for one.
1 run, fuller around off from round the wicket, smashes it towards long-off, Pollard there.
OUT, gone, excellent bit of deception. Fullish, angling in towards off stump, and the batsman doesn't pick the knuckle-ball. Drives at it, plays too early, checks his shot, and all he achieves is to balloon a simple catch to Tewatia at sweeper cover.
1 run, loopy slower ball on leg stump, flicked straight to midwicket to pinch a single.
FOUR runs, shot. Stayed deep in his crease and picked up this full length ball from the stumps, to power it to the midwicket boundary. the bowler was looking for the yorker, but didn't get it.
FOUR runs, 80 kph, a slower delivery outside off. the batsman gets under the length of that and drills the drive right back at the bowler. Over the bowler and four.
no run, slider outside off, and the batsman is beaten on the outside edge this time.
FOUR runs, that is cracking. He likes the bowler's pace. Sets back, moves across, gets inside the line and short-arm pulls this over midwicket.
1 run, short outside off, cut to sweeper point.
no run, on a length, swinging away, punched to cover-point.
no run, length outside off, driven on the rise to extra cover.
no run, short and wide outside off, looks to cut and gets an under-edge to the keeper.
SIX runs, fuller, wider, and he has absolutely laid into this one! Bent knee, and just smacks it square, and clears the fence.
1 run, cuts back in to hit the pad and deflect to the off side as he looks to turn to the leg side. Replays suggest a thin inside edge.
no run, arm ball? Du Plessis is looking to make room but is cramped up by this length ball.
no run, swept fiercely but straight to square leg.
1 wide, slower ball angled down leg and called wide.
FOUR runs, full and angled in, he just has so much time to get in position, and then uses his wrists to flick it through midwicket.
FOUR runs, a touch too short, and the batsman is a short man so he has more time to pull this. He goes square of forward square leg, and along the ground.
1 wide, looks for the leg-stump yorker, ends up sliding down the leg side and forcing Pant into a diving save.
no run, good length on off, and gripping & turning away from the batsman. Stays on the back foot and pushed to cover.
1 run, full on off, but spinning away from the batsman this time. Pushed off the front foot to the cove region. Plays it rather safely.
1 run, starts off with one on the pads and is flicked nicely to deep square leg, who collects on the bounce.
2 runs, full, close to off stump, not quite a yorker, carves it away with an open bat face to the left of deep point, and that's excellent running to pick up a second.
OUT, full on leg stump, and KW clips it off his pads, but straight to Russell at square leg. Soft dismissal! Big groan from the batsman as he sees Russell complete the catch.
SIX runs, pumps it over the cover boundary and breaks into dance! It's a full toss outside off, he hangs leg side of it and hammers it inside-out. The win is sealed.
no run, short of a length just outside off, punched into the covers.
1 run, works this off his pads to deep midwicket.
1 run, flicks a length ball to deep square leg.
no run, slower offcutter outside off, 117.2ks outside off, Parthiv is waaaay too early into a leg-side slog, and misses.
2 runs, good length on leg stump, shuffles and clips to deep midwicket's right with soft hands.
OUT, the bowler catches the batsman on the crease. Umpire Gaffney shoots down the appeal but Mumbai choose to review. This is pretty plumb. Another skiddy googly, full and breaks back in to beat the inside edge and hit the back pad in line with middle stump. the batsman did not pick the variation. This is cannoning into middle stump. The tracker returns three reds. Umpire Gaffney reverses his decision and sends the batsman back. Where will CSK go from here?.
2 runs, short of a length, outside off, punched in front of deep cover for two.
1 run, too full, googly that he smothers nicely to ease this to long off.
1 run, good length legcutter at middle, driven to long-on.
SIX runs, goes big, clears the ropes again. This clears deep midwicket. This is the carrom bal that spins away from off, used his height to stretch forward, down on one knee and bang.
no run, on a length, straight, punched hard to mid-on. No chance to get a single as he has hit this hard.
2 runs, lap sweep first up, and places this fine of fine leg.
1 run, slower length ball on off stump - back-of-the-hand stuff - worked behind square towards short fine leg.
no run, slower ball, on a length, wide outside off, 121ks, gets a bottom edge on the drive.
1 run, fired into the pads, pushed to long-on for one.
no run, length on off, wanted to steer it to third-man but didn't have enough room for the stroke ends up pushing it back to the bowler.
OUT, back of a length outside off, and the attempted pull has been top edged! Midwicket goes under it, and finally CSK hold on to a catch. Just that extra bit of pace that does the batsman in.
no run, ooh, beauty. Swing from over the wicket, across the left-hander, and excellent carry. Hits a length that catches Dhawan half-forward in defence, and the ball zips past his outside edge.
1 run, sees the batsman coming, slips one wide outside off, and the batsman does well to get some bat on it and save himself from a stumping.
FOUR runs, short and wide, stands tall and cracks it through the covers.
FOUR runs,  dropped at slip!  Is that the game? Williamson lets this go through his hands. This was a thick outside edge as the batsman jabbed at this. What's worse? It races away to the third man boundary.
1 run, length ball, and he jumps the wicket and converts it into a leg-side full-length ball, and pushes it down towards long on.
1 run, slower short ball, slapped down to long-off for one.
1 run, shorter on leg, he's back and tucking this behind square.
OUT, holes out to long-on. It was coming. This is extremely savvy from the bowler. It's near impossible to hit slower short balls into the leg side today. He gets this to sit up at chest height and has him slicing. A simple catch well inside the boundary from long-on.
1 run, length on middle, tucked away to deep squareleg.
1 run, too wide outside off and the batsman leans into the cover drive to bring up yet another 100-run partnership. Fourth time this season. In just 9 innings.
OUT, top-edged but taken by the keeper! Sid the bowler spread-eagles in celebration. Back of a length on leg, and he hurries the batsman into playing the pull. Mild top-edge, and Bairstow has to run a few steps forward to complete the catch. They're checking for the no-ball, but the bowler's fine.
1 run, a carrom ball outside off, pushed into the gap at midwicket for one.
2 runs, length around off, goes back and flicks it towards midwicket, sprints back for the second, the batsman takes on Agarwal's arm and makes it in the end.
no run, well bowled! Beats the batsman' sweep, pitches on middle, grips and spins to beat the off stump. Lovely delivery.
2 runs, steps out and nudges this towards Mohit coming in from deep square. A fumble there helped them to complete it easily.
1 run, the batsman is charging at him to create his own pace, but Monu is making it slower. Swiped to deep midwicket for one.
no run, full and swinging in from outside off, the batsman steers it to short third man. Superb first over.
FOUR runs, shot. Down the track, moving away from leg stump, and he gets into the perfect spot against this flighted ball to loft it inside-out over extra-cover.
no run, round the wicket, back of a length and he again swings at it and misses.
no run, short of a length around off, blocked from the crease.
SIX runs, digs it in, the batsman reads the length early, stays back and pulls over deep midwicket for a big six. Far too easy once he picked the length.
no run, on the back foot, left-arm over the wicket, the batsman slides back to meet the ball under his nose, deep in his crease.
1 run, Gambhir with the dive! A fullish delivery slightly wide outside off is pushed away towards cover point. Gambhir dives to his right and stops the ball from going through, but Kings XI are off.
1 run, full ball outside off, and he guides this towards backward point.
1 run, Yusuf hits a hard length on middle, goes back and punches down the ground.
1 run, slower ball delivered from quite wide, the batsman steers it to third-man.
SIX runs, catch that Rashid, says the batsman. Full and straight, it's like the batsman was waiting for that. Not even that short but he heaves it away, T20 style over midwicket. Way into the stands.
1 run, wide on the crease, another slower ball, 112ks, on a length, outside off, opens the face for a single.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, down leg. clipped for one to square leg.
OUT, taken at deep square! Two miscues and then he nails one, but that is the bigger side and I think he was looking to go straigther. Flat good length ball at middle stump, he wants to pick that up but ends up getting under it a tad too much and it turns into a sweep of sorts by the end. Not a slog sweep though, and it's taken a few yards inside the boundary.
no run, full on off, and comfortably driven off the front foot. Mid off cuts it off.
1 run, stays back to a length ball and tucks it to midwicket.
no run, slower ball at a yorker length. the batsman clears his leg and jams it out towards short extra cover.
2 runs, lovely work from the captain, waiting that little bit extra to turn a ball that is on his pads far enough behind square leg for a couple of runs.
2 runs, oh good to see. Sight for sore eyes. Batsmen not worrying about their not-outs and running the extra run off the last ball. And it doesn't matter than Warner's throw from long-on has hit Kularni in the helmet as he looks to complete the second. He hasn't changed direction so there is no appeal for obstruction.
no run, good length outside off, and that back-foot punch is timed well. But straight to cover.
no run, good length at middle, punched back to the bowler.
1 run, gives himself room and pushes towards mid-off.
1 run, eased with the spin to sweeper cover.
1 run, middle and leg, on a length, worked into the leg side for one.
1 run, slides a length ball into middle and leg, worked off his hip to deep square leg.
no run, a slower dipping yorker on the stumps, Moeen was beaten initially but gets his bat down in the end to keep it out.
1 run, length, wide outside off and slowed down. Reaches out and chips to sweeper cover.
no run, googly, full and just outside leg stump. Looks for the sweep and cops it on the pad.
OUT, easily taken to his left by Dhoni. Short and wide outside off, looks to lace this behind square on the off side, absolutely chucks the hands at it. Can manage only a thick edge.
5 runs, full and sliding in on middle, the batsman plays around his front pad and deflects it to short fine leg, where Ngidi picks up the ball and fires a wide throw, the ball runs away to the boundary.
FOUR runs, length, and he advances and tries to go over midwicket, and gets the outside edge. Almost taken by Watson at first slip, but eludes his grasp and in fact runs away for four to third man!.
no run, past the off stump after missing the inside edge. Length ball slanted across off stump, he gets the front leg into the leg side and heaves hard at this but the ball whistles past the bat.
1 run, angles in a length ball and the batsman drills it off the inside of the bat to deep backward square leg.
FOUR runs, end of an absolutely shocking over from the bowler, whose comeback as a T20 bowler had so far been one of the stories of the tournament. Another slot ball, on-pace, and another four to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower ball at leg stump. Looks to offer the full face and defend. Gets an inside edge to the keeper's left. Throw goes in at the non-striker's end and misses as the batsman is ambling in.
2 runs, a low full toss around off, hits it towards wide long-on, Warner puts in a valiant slide from long-on and keeps it to two.
OUT, taken by Chawla jogging in from mid-off! God, this the bowler's a menace, isn't he? Yet another slower ball. Lobbed up full outside off. the batsman has the right idea - to go inside-out over extra - but that's difficult to execute on this pitch and against this bowler. Lifts it high and it's an easy catch.
1 run, low full toss, just the single to deep midwicket.
1 run, good length just outside off, and angling into the batsman. Punched off the backfoot to deep extra cover. These two doing well to rotate the strike.
1 run, full and slanted into off stump, opens the face and drives that down to long-off.
1 run, good length outside off, goes across and works this to backward square leg.
FOUR runs, scooped over the keeper's head. Superbly done, walked across and watched this right till the end.
SIX runs, just clears the line. Whew, that was a check-shot but it had enough after going over the bowler. Full and curving into middle stump. Went straight and managed to time it perfectly.
FOUR runs, a brilliant yorker, but the batsman moves across the stumps, somehow gets his bat down in time, an inside edge towards fine leg.
1 run, the batsman goes low, and deflects a sweep to short fine leg.
no run, under edge into the pitch as he looks to pull a length ball from outside off.
OUT, loses his shape this time! And gets a wave goodbye from the bowler, who wins the battle. Lovely bowling. Tosses another one up, gets it to dip at leg stump, and Mayank goes across the line. He's cramped himself for such a shot because the front leg is not out of the way. Hits the top of middle.
no run, inside edge onto pad. Googly, dropped short and the batsman wants to turn this behind square with a pull.
1 run, back of a length, flat trajectories, shovelled flat on the bounce to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, misses the yorker, not by much, but enough to allow Dhawan to slog this past midwicket for four.
1 run, good length on off and angling away from the batsman. Slapped off the back foot to the man in the deep.
1 run, yorker on the fourth stump again, he was expecting it, so moved a little back and clubbed it forcefully, but straight to long-on.
1 run, diving stop at short fine. Length on middle stump, looks to sweep, inside edge.
1 run, good length and across middle stump. Closes the face to pat this to mid-on.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, slugged to deep square leg for one.
1 run, a misfield at midwicket means no maiden for the bowler. Slower length ball harmlessly pushed to the midwicket fielder off the front foot. Tewatia runs past it.
1 run, has that swung away? the batsman throws his hands hard at a length ball, it's a swipe across the line. It's a kuckle ball and lobs in the air off the outside edge.
1 run, length outside off, leans in, opens the face and gets it down to third man.
1 run, short of a length and into off stump. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, every time they give him air, the batsman chips them over cover. This time the deep cover is straighter to keep them down to one.
no run, down the wicket, makes room, the bowler follows him, he still manages a good swing, but can't beat midwicket.
no run, good length outside off, and the batsman goes onto the back foot to punch towards cover. No nerves for the bowler.
no run, tries to hit a length ball on the up, but straight to mid-on.
2 runs, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper's right.
1 run, length, and he has pulled this, off the inside of the bat, towards backward square leg. Just a single!.
1 run, length ball angling into him, he was walking across, whips this to deep midwicket.
1 run, length at off stump, defended into the off side.
OUT, but now he's got to go! the batsman was looking to smash everything, and he went very deep in the crease looking to smear this over long off. But the connection isn't enough to get the ball past Pollard, who trots in and holds a simple catch at long off.
1 run, short at leg stump, pulled to deep square.
SIX runs, hammers it straight over the bowler's head off the back foot. Incredible shot. Not a lot of pace from the spinner but he gets it to clear the fence easily as he gets behind the line in front of off stump.
no run, beaten. Loses his shape. This is tossed right above his eyeline and dips quickly outside off. Can't connect as he looks to go over extra cover.
no run, the batsman steps out even before the bowler delivers. The bowler spots the movement, drags his length back and shifts his line wider of off. Left alone in the end.
no run, full on leg stump, but the wrong'un to end the over. the batsman does well to fend it off the back foot.
1 run, comes down the track to lift the length ball on leg stump down to long-on.
OUT, huge strike! Looks to go across the line, got down on one knee to slog sweep and ended up getting more elevation than distance. Archer takes an excellent catch at long-on. Was it all the pressure of runs being bottled up at KL Rahul's end? Royals can breathe easy for a bit. the batsman was in sparkling form.
no run, good length and cutting in at off stump. Defended to mid-off.
no run, good length outside off, and enough width for him to play the late cut. Played with soft hands, but well intercepted by short third man!.
no run, length, outside off, and he cuts this away, but cannot beat point.
FOUR runs, yorker from the bowler, and it goes away for four. Didn't really deserve a boundary. the bowler belts out an appeal for the lbw, but it's withheld. The ball, in the meanwhile, trickles away past a diving Harbhajan at short third man.
1 run, full on off, driven down with a straight bat to long-on.
1 wide, wide down the leg side.
1 run, very full, just outside off, and Rohit angles his blade to direct his drive out to the sweeper.
SIX runs, 4 and now 6. Another poor delivery, short and on the pads. Suryakumar stays low and pulls the ball over backward square leg for six.
no run, beats the off stump! the batsman exposes the stumps and it looks like he's anticipating the ball to swing into him from an off stump line. Wants to drill it through cover, but this ball goes straight through with the angle.
no run, full toss at off stump, tapped back down the pitch.
1 run, length on middle, nudged away to squareleg.
SIX runs, shot! Uses the trampoline bounce to lift this over third man with an upper cut. He's assessed the pitch nicely and predicts exactly where he'll have to meet that ball as it slants across the corridor.
1 run, slider, middle and leg, runs off the inside half of the bat.
OUT, fuller but wide outside off, rolled his fingers over it as well. the batsman looks to clear long-off but ends up hitting it straight into the hands of Rahane at long-off.
1 run, he'll keep strike. Good length outside off and he walks down the wicket to tap it towards cover.
1 run, length at leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
OUT, given! Slower ball, on off stump, and Dhawan misses the big slog towards the leg side. Deceived by the lack of pace, and the ball hits his front leg. Impact in front of middle, and Gabbar's gotta go. Time out as well.
1 run, good length and into leg stump, gets deep in the crease and clips to deep square off the back foot.
1 run, cramped for room on this length ball, bunted to long-on.
1 run, length outside off, punched to sweeper cover.
2 runs, slices this up and over the infield, lands in no man's land behind point, they'll come back for the second. Chinnaswamy roars, the red flags are out.
1 run, chops this wide of cover.
SIX runs,  that's a one-handed wallop , dragged it from outside off to a slower ball, but it just sailed over wide long-on. Massive from the batsman.
no run, full outside off, and driven away from his body. Not timed well, and easily stopped by cover.
1 run, short on the hips, glanced away to long leg.
1 run, very flat outside off, driven to cover for a single. Jammed out.
1 run, shorter and outside off, slapped away to wide long-on.
no run, good length, angling into him, punched back to the bowler.
1 run, looped up on off stump, the batsman driving down to long off for a single.
1 run, short of a length outside off, cut to sweeper off the back foot.
1 run, length outside off, punched on the rise to long-off.
FOUR runs, length and sliding down the leg side and the batsman is manipulating the field cleverly, helps it past short fine-leg.
2 runs, short outside off, looks for the pull as it angles away from him. But that really took a while coming to him. Swatted to long-on's right.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, clipped away to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, this is not the ideal length to be bowling at all. Too short, and so much width on offer. the batsman waits and then jumps before slashing a late uppercut through third man.
SIX runs, that is a small six but still worth 6. Quick to see a short ball but doesn't bother rocking back and pulls it from the crease over midwicket. It lands just beyond the rope.
FOUR runs, skiddy, short ball on the hips, pulled away past square leg for another four.
1 run, full on off, and that's the classic whip off his toes from the batsman. Lands just short of the fielder at cow corner.
1 run, another short one, a googly, the batsman rocks back and pulls it to deep squareleg.
1 run, tossed up, and he drives this down to long on.
no run, fended by the batsman on this occasion.
1 run, shortish on off stump, steers it towards point.
no run, short of a length, outside off, bottom edge on the attempted cut.
no run, short and wide outside off, mistimed cut to cover's left.
SIX runs, good, clean strike. Down the ground as he gets to the pitch and lofts it straight into the sightscreen. Magnificent timing and use of the feet.
1 run, good length outside off, and angling into KW's body. Opens his bat's face and runs it down to third man.
2 runs, sower short ball, wide too, he is out of position, and plays a slap down the wicket and manages to place it between long-on and long-off.
no run, slides back in and skids through to hit the pad as the batsman looks to work this gently into the leg side.
1 run, reverse sweep this time and he gloves it fine for one.
1 wide, good take down leg side. Short ball following Mayank down leg side. A long long way down leg side. He can't get bat on the pull. Philippe is nearly parallel to the floor as he grabs this.
1 run, full just outside off, and tapped towards mid-off. Nice, early call fore a single.
no run, darted on middle, backs away and slices an outside edge that does not carry to short third man.
1 bye, another yorker, just inside the tramline. Left alone again. QDK can't gather cleanly.
SIX runs, full, wide outside off, and the batsman stretches towards the pitch of the ball before hoicking an inside-out drive over long off! Smacked for six.
no run, full on off stump, driven back to the bowler.
no run, walking across so that will not be a wide, though it was short and outside the tram line.
no run, 94 kph, carved away to point for nothing. Lots of dots in the last 10 or so balls.
no run, offcutter outside off, and he opens the bat's face to run it down to third man. the batsman wants the run, but there's none on offer.
1 run, full outside off, and sharply spins away from him. Driven away from his body to long off once again.
no run, full and into leg stump, flicked to midwicket.
1 run, good length and in at the stumps. Steps out to try and drive on the rise through cover. Gets a thick inside edge down to long-on.
no run, offbreak, and the batsman plays for the legcutter. Beaten on the inside edge. the batsman lets out a grunt for letting that happen.
1 leg bye, the batsman walks across but misses his glance, the ball rolling to short fine off the thigh pad as they steal a quick single.
1 run, oh holy molly, he has missed out on this one. Sets up strong base, gets a full toss, but the bat swings a touch too early, and he gets a leading edge to long-on.
FOUR runs, ooooh, it's length. It's length and outside off and the batsman clears the front leg and bludgeons it to deep midwicket. B-L-U-D-G-E-O-N!.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, pushed to point.
no run, length outside off, chopped away towards point without any timing. Too close to the body for the stroke.
no run, full slower ball on middle stump, defended on the front foot.
no run, walks across to sweep this full delivery outside off, beaten. Just give the strike to Russell, mate!.
no run, stays on a length, swings back in, defended back to him.
no run, angles it into the batsman, the batsman goes too hard at a flick and gets hit on the pad.
FOUR runs, that's amazing: power, wristwork and bat speed. Had everything. Full and wide from the bowler and he carts it through backward point as it breezes past the sweeper running to his right at the boundary.
to Rayudu, 1 run, good length outside off, steps out and looks to crash it through the covers. Gets a thick inside edge to fine leg.
1 run, floated up full on off stump, driven to long-off.
1 run, good length on off stump. Allows it to come on again and drops it into the point region with soft hands.
1 run, some width outside off, the batsman runs it down to third man.
1 run, slower length ball just outside off. Mistimed drive on the up, back to the bowler who lets an easy one slip and concedes the single at mid-off.
OUT, caught at deep midwicket. That's huge wicket, because the batsman was looking ominous. Very full on middle, in the slot to slog-sweep, which is exactly what the batsman does. Makes decent connection too, but that is the long part of the boundary and there is a man there, who runs to his left and pouches it safely.
1 run, full toss, leg stump, swiped to deep midwicket for one more.
SIX runs, that's just dispatched leg side full toss low down, the batsman connects and how! Pinging sound of the bat and it travels way into the top tier.
1 run, flat on middle again, and the batsman goes onto the back foot. Fended towards short cover.
SIX runs, great use of his feet! Good length on middle, and Rohit comes dancing down the wicket to whip it over midwicket. Into the stands at cow corner.
2 runs, full outside off, reverse sweep to backward point's left. Kishan with a dive there but not a clean stop.
1 run, slower ball, full on middle, and driven to mid-on.
1 run, legbreak, short of a length, straight, punched to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, deceived but he makes the best of it. Short of a length ball climbing up at him, a knuckle ball. He's in position to try and flick this but has to follow with his hands as it cuts away. Runs it past slip.
no run, the bowler, as is his wont, is right on the mark first up, curving a length delivery in towards Faf's off stump, but the South African skipper responds with steely-eyed and solid defence.
2 runs, leading edge but it results in two. Length at off stump, defends inside the line and this pings off the outer part of the bat, past point.
FOUR runs, drama at the boundary's edge! the batsman thwacked another pull into the leg side and Pollard thundered after it, trying to kick the ball back into play but succeeding only in pushing it into the boundary marker. Worse still, his momentum carries him over the boundary and into the advertising boards, which he tumbles over. There's a moment of concern, but it seems he's fine.
1 run, another googly, punched to deep midwicket. CSK very happy with this.
FOUR runs, how'd he do that? Is possibly what the bowler is thinking as he looks for his captain on the field. There's a deep extra cover and a wide long-off. the batsman bisects them with a drive.
no run, fired shorter wide of off, he chops a bottom edge.
1 run, toe-ends a slog, went midwicket, got this to point. They scamper a run.
no run, full on off stump, defends.
4 byes, rare miss from Dhoni. Once again beaten in flight, deceived by the googly as he looked to swing. Dhoni switched off for a split-second, beats short third man to the boundary.
FOUR runs, short on middle and he times the pull better this time, clears midwicket and the result was never in question once that happened.
no run, good length outside off, but turning away this time! Mistimes his back-foot punch to the bowler.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to long-off for one.
no run, uppish, but on the bounce to mid-off. Nice curve again on the knuckleball. Stopped on the batsman and hit the top part of the bat as he looked to drive.
no run, on-pace bouncer, beats the batsman on the pull. There is one man appealing for a catch at the wicket. That is Kohli at the boundary. They don't review it, though.
FOUR runs, peachy fulishl outside off and perhaps Dhawan has faced the bowler enough in the nets to confidently take a stride out and stroke it through extra cover.
1 run, wide on the crease, on a length, pushed down to long-on for one.
1 run, falls just short of short third man. the batsman looks to punch this over extra cover, but gets a healthy edge. Aaron thinks it is carrying to him, but it dies in front and beats his dive.
FOUR runs, poor line again from the bowler, length ball on the pads, and he swivels to pull it off his hips. Had to beat short fine only and he did that, for another boundary.
no run, shorter length, he's back and punching straight to cover.
1 run, wrong'un, Dhawan shapes up to pull but is done in by the pace off the pitch. Rolls his wrists to take one.
1 run, accurate legbreak, turns less than expected, runs off the inside half of the bat for one.
no run, good length and tight at off stump, pushed to midwicket from the crease.
2 runs, flicked to the leg side, they scuttle the first in a jiffy, and turn sharply for the second. Excellent pressure.
1 run, back of length on off, punched to mid off.
no run, short and just outside off, mistimed cut to extra cover.
no run, huge appeal for lbw, not given, and they have reviewed immediately. What good captaincy and bowling here. They have brought up the fielder to block that push, and they have successfully drawn a block from the batsman. And he has not picked the wrong'un, and this ball is hitting middle and leg. The umpire feels he has got outside the line with his height and big stride. The replay returns an umpire's call on that point of impact. He has survived by a bare margin. How crucial will it be in the coming five overs.
1 run, fuller on leg, the batsman was looking to give himself room perhaps but Ishant speared it in. the batsman ends up steering to point.
1 run, a direct hit! Lynn might be in trouble here. He put his head down, dragged his bat and is in. Was a length ball around off, taps it towards covers and sets off, Klaasen with the throw and almost gets his man.
no run, past the edge. Good length and in the corridor. Leans in to drive through cover and is caught inside the line.
no run, a shortish and wide delivery outside off. And again, the batsman plays over the line, another dot.
nan
no run, short of a length at middle stump, looks for the pull and cops this on the body.
SIX runs, in the slot and outta here! Full and straight, Dhawan sees that early and whacks the ball easily over long-on. That's not a bad line, but awful length with a batsman under pressure.
1 run, good length and on middle, punched up to long-on for one.
1 run, drifting into the pads, nurdled towards midwicket.
no run, backs away to cut, gets a thick inside edge that rolls to short fine.
no run, quick length ball, 147ks, outside off, defended to mid-off.
FOUR runs, bounces past mid-off's dive. Low full toss outside off. Gets his drive off the toe-end. It lobs past the bowler, and bounces over the fielder's dive to the right.
FOUR runs, lovely inside-out shot. Not a big drive, just a jab at it. He has finally got one full, and he goes over extra cover.
1 run, full on off stump, and bunted down the ground to long on.
1 run, pulled on the bounce to AB at deep midwicket.
1 run, whipped across the line to midwicket. There's a mix-up between the wickets on the second. the batsman wants it, Pathan sends him back, the batsman dishes out a dive and reaches the safety of the crease.
no run, fires it through flat and quick on off stump, defends it.
SIX runs, nobody is coming in the way of this hit. the batsman makes room, and gets under a full quick ball and lofts it over extra cover for a six. This is some exciting start from DC.
no run, beaten as he bowls this full and wide as De Kock makes room to scythe that behind point.
1 run, full on middle, and he pushes forward to drive to long on. They walk across for one.
1 run, outside edge down to third man. short of a length just outside off, swishes away from the body at this.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off and turning further away. Dragged to deep midwicket for one.
OUT, a full delivery outside off, the batsman backs away and chips a lofted drive towards cover. Shankar backtracks and takes it comfortably.
no run, another wrong'un, beats him comprehensively this time, but this is sliding down leg. Not given. But he has convinced his captain to go for the review. Replays show it is missing leg.
FOUR runs, excellent bowling but the batsman gets away with it. No slip in place. He has got lovely dip on this, the batsman is playing for the offbreak, but it goes straight on and takes the outside edge for four.
no run, short and sliding away outside off, beaten on the cut.
no run, length ball on the stumps, flatter and quicker, Parthiv goes for the pull, gets an inside edge towards short fine leg.
1 run, tossed up full and wide outside off, mistimed loft to long-off's right.
FOUR runs, oh he's feeling it! Full outside off, and forces the batsman to reach at it. But he still manages to carve it over point, and once that crosses the infield, there's no stopping that.
FOUR runs, easy pick-up. Class shot. He gets inside the line to a length ball, and just picks it up nonchalantly over square leg.
1 run, full on the pads and clipped straight to deep squareleg.
OUT, Kings XI review? No, umpire Nandan raises his finger very late! Length ball on middle, but turning away from the batsman as he misses an attempted drag-pull. Ball takes a touch off the bat's bottom, and Prabhsimran takes a sharp low catch. They appeal, but the umpire first says no. M the bowler wants to review, and now the umpire eventually raises his finger very late. A bit of confusion in the middle before the batsman makes his way back.
no run, full, angling in, and flicked away nicely, but this time straight to short midwicket.
1 run, length and drawing him well forward outside off. Driven to long-off.
no run, slower short ball, jags in off the pitch from outside off. the batsman is through his pull too early and the ball grazes his glove and hits his stomach.
no run, swished baseball-style round the corner as the bowler slides in a back-of-a-length slower ball. Short fine leg gathers.
1 run, short of a length and following him down leg side. He pushes it aerially towards extra cover.
1 run, darted into off, he backs away and hammers this to deep point.
1 run, goes wide of off stump that time, making the batsman stretch for it. He taps it towards point.
FOUR runs, slow, wide, looking to draw a mis-hit, but the batsman waits for it, and then cuts it square of deep cover who is very straight to plug his extra cover hits.
no run, gets the yorker spot on, well out of his reach, but nowhere close to being a wide. Beats him. Despite two fours, still a good over considering they are just two down.
FOUR runs, the batsman takes the big risk. The reverse-sweep after four dots and a run-out. This is a quick length ball, and he can use the pace to clear short third man.
1 run, fullish length on the fourth-stump channel, whipped away to the right of long-on.
no run, overpitched on off, and the batsman crunches this drive to Kohli at cover. Well stopped by the fielder there and has an aim at the stumps. Good comeback from the bowler. Only three of the over.
no run, a wide yorker outside off, well bowled. Jammed out towards cover.
no run, defends this length ball from the crease solidly.
SIX runs, jeez, that's outrageous! it's a half-volley on leg stump and the batsman treats it fairly kindly. All he does is flick the ball. Some other-worldly force takes it over the boundary at midwicket. And we have a time out to figure out just what happened there .
1 run, overpitched on off, whipped to long-on for a run.
1 run, good length at off stump, uses the angle and shovels this to deep midwicket.
1 run, pulled all along the ground to deep midwicket.
no run, length just outside off, mistimed punched to extra cover's right. A diving stop.
FOUR runs, slapped past extra cover! Short of a good length outside off, steps out and nails this flat-batted hit, all along the floor.
1 run, good length on off, and the batsman cannot connect with the pull! The delivery takes some extra bounce, and hits him above his waist.
2 runs, almost a yorker outside off, but DK manages to drive it to cover. They're taking the quick run, and KW's throw gets the direct hit. But the batsman's in, and now they take another run.
FOUR runs, too straight again and picked away. Not been a great over, 135 kph, on the pads. the batsman just gets a bit of bat on that and tickles the ball fine, to the fine leg boundary.
SIX runs, second tier! This is full-blooded, wow. Length ball pushed through quick at off stump. Keeps the head down like it's golf. And swings cleanly through the line. Not an easy shot on this kind of a pitch, because he wasn't to the pitch of that. Sends it far far over wide long-on.
no run, grip and turn, stopped on him a touch as Dhawan pushes this shortish delivery to point.
no run, sways out of the way of this slower bouncer after initially shaping to pull.
1 run, heaves it out to deep midwicket, where Tye keeps it inside the ropes, knowing full well he doesn't need to take the catch because it's a free hit ball. All he concentrates on is keeping the ball in play and he does.
no run, length ball, just outside off, and guided to cover point off the back foot. Terrific fielding from Mandeep Singh - diving to his right - to stop the single.
1 run, short and just outside off, allows it on and deflects to third man.
1 run, and just as I say that, he goes 73.5kph with this good length ball. Tempting Kishan to go aerial and clear the big leg side. He sweeps safely out to deep midwicket.
1 wide, short, wide, and goes further away from the tramlines. Another ball to rebowl!.
no run, length at middle, steps out and stabs it pitch side.
1 run, looks for the reverse-sweep, gets a bottom edge to short third man for one.
no run, short outside off, cut away straight to point.
1 run, full and just outside off, drilled firmly to long-off's left.
2 runs, sliced over the infield, Uthappa running back from cover gets to the ball but can't prevent the second.
no run, on-pace first up, on a length, 136ks, angled across him, beats him on the drive.
no run, dropped first ball! Pant the guilty man. Good length outside off, and sliding further away from the batsman. He tried to poke at it, but the ball found the outside edge. Oh dear.
no run, defends to short cover, said yes initially but sends Vijay back. Sarfaraz swoops in like a hawk to prevent the run.
1 run, pulled nicely but down to deep square leg.
1 run, short of a length outside off, Shreyas slaps it and point flings himself to his right to make a brilliant stop.
1 run, drags it short but gets it to spin across Vijay, who goes back and uses his wrists to turn it to square leg.
FOUR runs, through Steyn's legs at short third. Short and just outside off, sliced straight to Steyn who is down with the barrier, but it's a barrier with a massive hole.
1 leg bye, the batsman shuffles across to look for a ramp. the bowler beats him with a low full toss. They get a leg-bye.
no run, short of a length and down leg side. Backs away and pulls, this slides through from under the shot.
SIX runs, a pick-flick for six. Back of a length, down leg, the batsman gets underneath the length and chips the ball elegantly over midwicket for six. Massive hit.
1 run, goes back into the crease and punches this to long on.
no run, back of a length and outside off, he looks to power it away square on the off side. No contact.
no run, full, just outside off, and pushed inside-out to cover.
1 run, length and coming in again. Taps through square leg off the back foot.
no run, oh gets away with that. Slower ball dropped short at the hips. Pulled straight to short fine.
no run, full on middle, and straightens after pitching. Fended back off the front foot.
no run, drills this straight to the man at the edge of the ring at cover.
no run, flatter, outside off, cut straight to point.
no run, length outside off, comes forward and defends solidly towards cover.
1 run, tossed up, full, Sharma winds uo for a big one, but he gets this too full. Sharma can't get under this. Gets just the single to long-on.
1 run, a bit straighter now, the line, and he clips it down to long-on.
no run, length ball outside off, shuffles across and blocks on the front foot. A gorgeous forward block from the batsman, as always.
no run, full on middle, pushed back.
no run, the bowler is tight on off stump, but the batsman's forward defensive is equally tight to keep the ball out.
SIX runs, Sid the bowler keeps bowling full tosses, keeps getting whacked! Hasn't learnt, bowls a full toss on middle, the batsman sends this deep into the deep square leg boundary. That was the  fourth full toss in a row .
no run, short of a length at leg stump, flicked straight to midwicket.
SIX runs, this is deep into the stands at deep midwicket. Fetched the pull from outside off, hit it off the middle. SRH aren't out of this by any means. Umesh has bowled out.
SIX runs, slices it over the backward point boundary. He's backing away to the length ball on leg stump and makes the absolute most of it.
1 run, slower in the air, and it turns and stops. Punched to wide long-off for one.
1 run, a good length delivery on middle, hit away to long-on from the crease. Hurried on the shot.
2 runs, a slower one, in the blockhole outside off, digs it out towards long-off, comes back for the second.
2 runs, back of a length and angling across off, opens the face to find the gap at sweeper cover.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, 106.6ks, swiped away to deep square leg.
no run, on a length and just a shade outside off, patted to the covers.
1 run, just back of a length, angled in, flicked to deep square leg.
1 run, down the wicket, gets too close to the pitch of this ball, but sneaks in a single to mid-off.
no run, beaten again. Another outswinger, this one fuller outside off, and this time the batsman is caught deep in the crease and pushing at it with static feet.
1 run, length, outside off, and he slogs towards midwicket. Gets a leading edge and it just goes past Riyan in his follow-through.
no run, the batsman moves away early, looking to hit over, and Iyer slips a full and wide one to earn a dot.
1 run, good length outside off and spinning across the batsman. Defended off the back foot to midwicket.
no run, length on off, defended with soft hands.
FOUR runs, that's some more tripe. Another shortish delivery, they aren't learning anything from their mistakes, the batsman doesn't entirely time it but the big swing is enough to carry it just past the mid-on fielder running back and sliding in front of the boundary.
FOUR runs, short, wide, and the batsman rises to his toes to hammer that away to the right of the diving backward point fielder.
no run, well bowled he's got a reputation for bowling slower balls, so what does he do? He bowls a sharp bouncer, and Hardik is very late to spot that, bails out of the shot.
no run, tosses this up outside off, and he looks to go down the ground. Outside edge again, and it flies off towards short third man, but lands short.
1 run, full, straight, soft hands to work it to leg for one.
no run, slow through the air, full and straight, short straight midwicket denies them the single.
no run, steps out and looks to work through midwicket, gets a leading edge that rolls back to the bowler.
no run, hits the hard length - just around off, the batsman gets on top of the bounce and defends.
OUT,  What have you done, Watto?  He's hit the half-tracker straight down the throat of deep midwicket! Surely the bowler went 'oh, damn' as soon as he dropped short, but a few second later, he was looking up to the skies to thank his stars.
1 run, full, on off, and tapped off the back foot to mid-on for a quick run.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, backs away and slaps it on the rise to Pollard at mid-off. It's quick and Pollard fumbles.
FOUR runs, back of a length and outside off, the batsman flashes at it and sends a thick outside edge between wide slip and regular short third man for four.
1 run, the batsman swings across the line, but he can't get under it and it's just the one to long on.
1 run, slower one, dips on him big-time, still a full toss. Gets a single to deep square leg.
1 wide, slower ball and a premeditating the batsman, looking to slog sweep the ball, is beaten soundly. Only problem is the umpire decides he's strayed too far outside off.
1 run, length ball outside off, punched to deep extra cover on the up.
1 run, length on the pads, the batsman helps it along past short fine-leg's right but can't beat deep squareleg as Bravo keeps it down to two.
1 run, short at middle, punched to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, flicks the low full toss on leg stump to deep midwicket.
no run, some swing first up, away from the batsman, but in the slot to drive. Crisp one but straight to cover.
1 wide, full, wide of off stump, and he tries to reach it but can't. Called wide, as it went just beyond the tramlines.
1 leg bye, yorker, tailing in, de Villiers squeezes it out to short fine-leg for one.
no run, full on off, and the cut shot it slapped away to point. Stopped by the infield.
OUT, slower ball, and he looks to go towards midwicket, but gets an edge, through to Pant behind  the wicket.
OUT, got him first ball! Felled the Hulk first up! Short of a good length, rising in the corridor. the batsman defends for the one coming in but has ended up playing inside the line and is all sorts of contorted. It takes the thick outside edge and floats gently to QDK's right. After a brief move from the patterns, Capitals are back to their recent problem of failed first-wicket stands.
1 run, back of a length and skids in, inside-edged to midwicket.
OUT, slower ball, and edged! MSD dives forward to complete the catch. Knuckleball just outside off, and Rohit tries to drive straight, but he's through his shot too early and Dhoni was not going to make any mistake. Terrific delivery from the bowler.
nan
no run, shapes to pull but the ball skids back in to hit the flap of the pad as the batsman is through with the stroke early. That was bowled at 103kph.
1 run, into the pads, takes a single to deep midwicket.
1 run, hint of room outside off, cuts it hard to third man with a bottom edge for one.
1 run, ramps this up and over, but down to third man. Once again didn't have the pace to ramp this fine.
1 wide, good length and down leg side, left alone.
no run, blindly swipes across the angle as the bowler slides this googly across him and gets him beaten.
1 run, shortish to begin with, he taps this wide of cover for a quick single.
no run, good length offbreak at off stump, defended to point.
1 run, full ball at 135ks, the batsman should ideally be timing this over mid-off, but this goes off the toe end to mid-off.
1 run, 115kmh, he's not giving much pace, as usual, Andrew the bowler. Slightly wide of off stump and driven into the covers.
no run, past the edge. Length outside off, looks to drive and is beaten.
2 runs, good length outside off, neatly punched to sweeper's right.
1 run, length, and he goes back and punches this towards sweeper cover.
no run, full and angling away, left alone again.
1 run, short of a length, straight, knocked into space at midwicket so that's the first run off the bat.
no run, short of a length slider outside off, can't get bat on the cut.
FOUR runs, beats sweeeper to his right. Short and just outside off, waits on that and chops firmly to evade Samson's big dive.
no run, length and just outside off, watchfully tapped into the covers.
SIX runs, hooked over fine leg. Short ball up at the front shoulder, swipes under that and gets it off the thick top edge.
1 run, length ball outside off, the batsman goes on on knee to swat a sweep to deep midwicket.
no run, sharp turn from middle, he goes back and defends back.
SIX runs, goes inside-out and this sails over deep cover. Full and moving away, the batsman just cleared his front leg and biffed that away.
1 run, good length outside off, dabs away to third man with an open bat face.
no run, good length, flat down leg. the batsman can't connect. The ball hits the pad to fine leg.
1 wide, follows with a bouncer outside off but too high and that'll be a wide.
FOUR runs, drilled This was fullish on off and he smashed it back past the bowler and into the straight boundary.
no run, slower ball at a length on the stumps, flicked to midwicket.
FOUR runs, back of a length on middle, and the batsman ain't done trying to pull.Connects this time, and top edges it to fine leg. Good effort by Sandeep at fine leg, but the scoreboard won't show that. Diving effort, but dropped.
1 run, unleashes a late cut at this short and wide delivery and Raina at point half-stops it with a big dive to his left.
no run, slower short one on middle, the batsman fends it with his eyes off the ball, it misses everything, hits him flush on the helmet and balloons up in the air, but short of point.
to Kohli, no run, down the wicket, the bowler pulls the length back and also runs his fingers on this. Short of a length, at 120ks, and it slides under his slog-pull.
no run, length ball, angling across, pushed to cover.
1 run, length, and he punches this straight ball down towards long on.
no run, tossed up on middle, and it's the topspinner this time. Goes straight through, and fended off the front foot.
1 wide, fuller ball, but down the leg side. Will have to have a go again at this.
2 runs, full and pushed through at a middle stump line. Looks for the slog and gets an inside edge into vacant square leg. Short fine is slow in getting across to that and Axar has given him an earful.
1 run, steps out to slap that but is cramped for room by the length, bunted for a quick single.
no run, too full this time, on middle, blocked to mid-on.
no run, back of a length on middle, defended to the leg side.
no run, slower ball on the fourth-stump line, and the batsman misses! Gold dust. the batsman swings blindly towards the leg side, but he's through with his shot way too early.
1 run, driven down to long-off for one.
1 run, length ball outside off, glides it to third man.
no run, back of a length and outside off, flat-batted away to the right of cover.
no run, on a length, just outside off, defended to leg.
1 run, length at middle stump, nudged to mid-off where Russell picks up the ball and lets rip a throw that nearly takes out De Kock. And then bumps into him in the follow through.
no run, good length on middle, and swings into the batsman. He tries to clip it square but misses the shot. Inside-edged onto his pads.
FOUR runs, on a length, straight, and Kishan sweeps this between long leg and deep midwicket.
no run, quick legbreak first up, 97ks, beats him as he defends.
1 run, gets a top-edge to a short ball that drops short of deep midwicket.
SIX runs, massive. the bowler seems to have underestimated the young man. No change of pace this over. Samad gets under this 145k length ball, and lofts him way over wide long-on.
no run, extra bounce from short of a length, and beats the batsman's attempt at the late-cut.
no run, nicely bowled, good length outside off, perhaps a touch quicker, chopped down in front of slip as he attempts to angle it to third man.
no run, fuller length finally and on the stumps, patted down and looking for the quick single, but there isn't one.
no run, the batsman sees the shorter length and tries to cut but with no room available, gets beaten.
1 run, his first ball seams in off a length, Mayank flicking it into the leg side. He wanted more, but couldn't execute.
1 run, presses forward and nudges a length ball towards square leg.
OUT, Dhawan takes the catch at long-off. A shortish length delivery outside off, hoicked away but with bad timing. The bat turns in his hands as well, taken by Dhawan. Easy catch.
1 run, works this against the line towards square leg.
to Aaron, no run, bouncer, accurate, and it beats Aaron's attempt to pull.
OUT, slower through the air, and the batsman has thrown it away. He goes for a loft with an open face, and there is a fielder in place for that shot. Catching practice there.
1 run, swing there. the batsman plays late because of it, and Rohit Sharma misfields at short midwicket to let him get off strike.
no run, back of a length, on off stump, and the batsman opts to let it go. No call of a wide, a perfect delivery.
no run, slower ball, angled in from around the wicket, the batsman turns it around towards short fine-leg.
no run, sharp inswinger, which moves away from Dhawan. Left alone outside off.
1 run, full, angling in, punched down to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, slips through the hands of midwicket. He shuffles across to pick this perfectly decent off-side delivery into the leg side. Narine goes up for it, but doesn't seem to have times his jump perfectly.
no run, nearly a yorker outside off, dug out to mid-off.
1 run, misfield at short midwicket allows a single when there should have been none.
1 run, another legbreak, make that three in a row, the batsman reaches out and drives to long-off.
1 wide, short and fast, the batsman ducks under it.
(no ball), no ball! Low full toss outside off, and the batsman mistimes a drive to mid-off. No harm done, freebie coming up.
no run, short of a length, straight, pushed to short midwicket.
no run, good length around off, plays late with an open face to point. Denies Miller a single late but he manages to make it back.
no run, good length outside off, and sharp spin away from his body. Tapped off the back foot to point, and gets off the mark as well.
2 runs, another short one, Rohit picks it up again with one leg in the air, doesn't time it as well as the previous one in the over, the fine-leg fielder makes good ground to his left to keep it to two.
4 byes, gets down for a sweep but the ball escapes from underneath the bat as it's too full and he fails to get underneath it. Runs past the keeper as well. Harshal the batsman chases it down and slides in front of the boundary but he has made contact with the ropes.
FOUR runs, gets it over short fine this time and brings up fifty. His first of the season. Rishabh the batsman bursts into life in the final. A slower length ball from NCN, around the wicket and slanted in at middle and leg. Waits on that, gets on his back knee and ramps it.
1 run, squeezes the drive to point, DK's first fifty this season.
SIX runs, steps out and slices this to clear deep point. Not where he wanted to hit it, but he'll take it. Wanted to go inside-out over cover. Beautiful piece of wood, I tell you.
1 run, short of a length and wide outside off. Steps out and isn't close to the pitch of this. Manages to slash this to sweeper's left.
1 run, length on middle stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
2 runs, shorter, he goes on the back foot and nudges it gently to fine leg. Played softly enough to allow them to come back for a quick second.
FOUR runs, length outside off, he backs away and goes over extra cover this time. Another boundary.
FOUR runs, pulled to midwicket for a one-bounce four! He went to the off stump early to predict the slightly short ball and then swivelled on the back foot to pull it in the vacant area.
no run, slower ball, completely beats the batsman. Think Pant pinged the batsman on the head while trying to throw it back to the bowler.
no run, on a length, slight swing, defended back to him.
no run, short, angles across, and he punches this towards point, where Rinku Singh fields.
2 runs, low full toss, worked behind square for two.
1 run, length outside off, straighter one again, the batsman looks to go through the leg side, anticipating spin back in, it isn't there and he drags it to towards long-on for one off the inside edge.
1 run, length outside off, chopped to third man.
1 run, drags it a little short again, whipped off his pads to deep midwicket.
1 run, short on middle, and no real spin this time. Allows Dhawan to stay on the back foot and pull towards deep midwicket.
1 run, full toss, and he drives this down to long off, and walks through for the one.
1 run, short of a length, angled into his leg stump, flicked to deep backward square leg.
1 run, full and just outside off, front leg into the leg side and a mistimed slog down to long-on.
1 run, another slower ball, shortish and wide, cut to the sweeper cover fielder.
1 run, slower short ball, Tyagi pulls this down, gets a single.
1 run, lets the ball come to him, meeting it under his eyes for a flick to the left of midwicket.
no run, slower ball, angled across, the batsman attempts the same stroke but misses.
1 run, length and slanted in at the stumps. Clears the front leg and goes for the big slog, but, miscues another one to deep midwicket. the bowler is sliding them on rapidly.
1 run, shortish and wide outside off, pummeled to long-on for one.
1 run, leading edge as the batsman steps out against a googly and has no idea. Nowhere near the pitch of this leg side delivery turning away from him. It lands short of short third man.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, hangs back and chops that past point. Sweeper with no chance again.
FOUR runs, paddled! Back of a length on middle, but the batsman shuffles across the stumps, exposes all three stumps, and then gets enough bat to find the gap between keeper and short fine leg.
OUT, the batsman departs! Knuckle ball does the trick, fuller on the stumps and the batsman looks to clear long-on but ends up skying it, Hooda takes a couple steps from long-on and settles under.
1 run, length ball on leg, tucked to fine leg.
FOUR runs, oh yes, that's a much better shot. Good length outside off, the batsman knows there's pace, there's width and there's an opportunity. All he does is open the bat face and guide the ball to the left of backward point.
FOUR runs, swings for the fences because it's a free hit, doesn't time it to perfection but lofts it over the bowler's head and into the straight boundary.
1 run, opens the face to glide down to third man, a good release shot but nothing wrong with the ball. Tight stuff.
2 runs, half-tracker on off, and spins into DK. Pulled along the ground to the two men in the deep.
no run, on a length, 140ks, punched on the up, but straight to mid-off.
FOUR runs, full and a step hit, he slaps this flat over mid on! It was in the slot and it muscled it over the man in the circle!.
OUT, and another wicket. What a last over this has been Curran steps down the track and chips this in the air, straight into the hands of long-on.
1 run, nice flight, lands this at length on off stump, eased wide of cover.
no run, a vicious yorker first up. Does fantastically to dig this out to mid-off.
1 run, back of a length on the stumps, he goes deep in his crease to flick it off his pads to deep square.
SIX runs, launches it over long-on! He shifts his weight back the moment the ball is short - plus it has loads of room as well - and that means the batsman has a free swing.
no run, back of a length, gets it to straighten off the pitch into a fourth-stump line. Was looking to play that towards mid-on or midwicket initially, and ends up sending a thick leading edge towards backward point.
1 run, length on off stump, shuffles and pokes to midwicket's left.
OUT, holds onto it himself after sprinting backwards! Superbly done from the bowler. It was coming all over. They were stepping down, swinging hard at the bowler who they clearly wanted to cash in on in his last over. This one lands at a good length, outside off. the batsman ends up slicing it after not making the pitch. It hangs in the mid-off area and he keeps his eyes on it coming from over his shoulder and holds onto it. Confidently done as he ends his spell with the batsman's wicket. A sensational knock from him.
no run, another single turned down. If you turn down one on the fourth ball, you might as well do it off the fifth too. if you back yourself, back yourself all the way.
SIX runs, see ya! Length ball tossed up outside off and Piyush the batsman is all swag here - a cap, a stride, a big swing and big six over midwicket.
no run, flatter, into the pads, punched to extra cover after making room.
no run, beaten. Instinctive shot. This is short of a good length and going across him. Shapes for the pull but no such bounce on this pitch. It skids underneath the bat.
1 wide, length ball, from around the wicket, but landing on middle. Angles down the leg side.
OUT, full toss outside off, the batsman slashes and slashes hard but it goes flat and hard straight down third-man's throat. Hard to imagine that such a dismissal could be planned but the Capitals will be too relieved to think about such things.
1 run, short of a length, wide, concedes a single to deep cover.
SIX runs, brave bowling, but the batsman goes to his fifty with not the cleanest hit of the night. the bowler seems to have beaten him in the flight but even though it goes off the outside half of the bat, it clears long-off easily.
1 run, OUT, short, quick, into the body, the batsman hits this straight to deep square, and for a change someone takes the second off the last ball even though it is not on. the batsman is run out, but this is a sight for sore eyes. A batsman risking his average for one extra run that might come handy later.
1 run, full toss, hit to mid-on for a quick single.
no run, slower and fuller on the stumps, the batsman shows the full face of the bat in defence.
1 run, full on off stump, flicked to deep midwicket's right.
no run, nudges the shortish delivery on middle to midwicket.
no run, full slower ball outside off, mistimed drive to mid-off.
2 runs, safely over square leg. Short ball at middle, gets a lot of elevation on the pull.
no run, some seam movement?. On a length, on off, beats his push-drive with away movement. It does go off the seam a little.
OUT, got 'im! Rolls this slower ball, full on middle stump, and the batsman backs away to lift it over cover. Through his shot too early, and the ball crashes into middle stump. Huge roar from the bowler.
1 run, attempted slower ball is a full toss, lines up and punches it down to long-off.
OUT, the bowler bounces out the batsman and wraps up Kings XI for 155. Short ball, homing in at the ribs, the batsman is too late onto the hook. He splices it to backward point.
1 run, good length outside off, walking down into this punch to sweeper point.
no run, there's the legbreak. Sussed out by the batsman who cuts to cover.
SIX runs, swung far over midwicket. That is a delicious sounding slog sweep. Full googly just outside off and he picked that so quickly and was down immediately.
no run, length and flat outside off, past the edge as he looks to drive on the up.
no run, back of a length, slow, the batsman hits this hard to extra cover.
1 wide, strays down leg this time, another extra delivery.
no run, looks to ramp, the bowler shortens the length, and he is beaten.
no run, leading edge. the batsman walks down the track to try and flick a length ball that's swinging away in the corridor.
no run, good length on off, blocked back to the bowler.
1 run, short and just outside off, finds sweeper cover with the cut.
1 run, slow on off, pushed in front of point for a quick single. Cover can't stop one.
1 run, full on middle and leg, heaved away to deep midwicket.
1 run, googly and in at leg stump, pulled to deep midwicket.
1 run, full and into the pads. Looks to flick it away, only deflected to midwicket's right off the pad.
SIX runs, there is a hole in the the bowler plan all right, but punctured by Dhawan. This is some shot. He has slog-swept a length ball from well outside off against the turn. And there is some turn. But it has come out of the screws.
1 run, short, angling into the batsman's hip. Swivels to pull to fine leg.
FOUR runs, full just outside off, and he tries to reverse sweep. Not the best connection, but enough to beat short third man!.
FOUR runs, full-toss on the pads, and he whips it away gratefully to the backward square leg boundary.
FOUR runs, short of a length, quicker, the batsman throws his hands at it, gets a thick outside edge, and beats short third man.
SIX runs, bang pick up sweep from outside off and he absolutely nails it. Sweet sound off the bat and the ball screams through the air and deep into the square leg stands.
no run, zips off the deck, into the thigh pad. This innings needs some CPR.
FOUR runs, overpitched and outside off, the batsman, having camped back all this while, presses forward and drills it straight of mid-off.
no run, good length and into middle stump, clipped to midwicket's right.
1 run, short of a length outside off, opens the face and slices to sweeper cover.
2 runs, back of a length outside off, but angling into his body. Drags it behind square on the leg side, and some more work for Shaw in the deep.
1 run, full outside off, carted down to long-off's right.
1 leg bye, struck on the helmet! Is that the second bouncer of the over? No? Off the helmet towards third man, a good stop from the fielder. But that's surely the second delivery over the shoulder of the over? Only one allowed per over in T20s? the batsman is not close to his pull by the time the ball pings off the helmet.
no run, beaten on the pull. Short and climbing outside off, pulls from inside the line of that.
FOUR runs, gorgeous drive on the up to sweeper cover.
OUT, bowled him next ball!  Looks like an offcutter. the batsman swishing all over this. Just an incoming ball hitting the seam, in fact. Bowlers know the batsman is vulnerable to that ball. And it shows rather pertinently in this instance. Good length ball, pitching in the corridor with a tilt inwards. the batsman looking to drive on the rise for the line. Off and middle both visible. You don't do that and get away often against this bowler.
1 run, shortish, angling into the batsman's hip. Tucked away to long leg.
FOUR runs, almost a yorker on the off stump but Moeen just opens the face of the bat to steer it past Bravo at short third man.
FOUR runs, not quite in control, but he still manages to get enough power behind the stroke. It's full around off, he was setting for a short ball. His weight is on the back foot but he powers a straight drive.
1 run, short and climbing up at middle stump. That popped up and surprised the batsman. Took his bottom hand off and fended this pitch side on the off side.
1 run, length on middle, the batsman has a hoick across the line, gets a thick inside edge to deep squareleg.
1 run, back of a length outside off, slower ball again, waits and chops it away through point.
OUT, on-pace this time. Seam-up, full, just outside off, and there has been some movement available today if you land it on the seam. This one deviates enough to take the edge. That is a huge wicket.
no run, short, and he goes back to dab this towards square leg, but hits it straight towards the man stationed next to the umpire.
FOUR runs, shot. Pace, width. Everything you need on this pitch. Waits for it to arrive again and guides it over point.
no run, punches this length delivery to cover point.
to Gopal, 1 run, full toss, driven down to long-on for one.
no run, short ball slanted across the corridor, arches back to let it go.
no run, short of a length on middle and leg, jumps and turns it away to the leg side.
no run, shimmies down, the bowler shortens the length, he tries the slog-pull, and misses.
1 run,  just short of Tiwary  coming in from long on. Almost made a difficult catch possible. Outstanding effort, came in quickly and dived full length forward to take it on the half volley.
1 run, good length at off, shuffles and punches to long-on.
no run, good length on middle, and angling into his pads. Tries to paddle it fine behind square, but he's though the shot too early. Hits his front leg, and the bowler appeals too, but it would've gone down leg.
1 run, no turn this time, fired into the pads, and Kishan takes the single this time.
no run, pinpoint yorker on off stump, and he can't do much except pat it back to the bowler.
1 run, full on off, and drilled down the ground to long off. No spin first ball.
1 run, drills this full delivery to wide long-off, doesn't want to chance a second against Kohli's strong arm.
1 run, length on middle, stays back and pushes it to long-on. the batsman doesn't seem to know which way it's turning, is trying to read him from the pitch.
no run, left alone outside off as he stays away from his driving arc.
FOUR runs, well played. It's a quicker one from the bowler and he's a little late getting back on this. Chops it very very late to get it past backward point.
no run, on a length, closer to off, pushed to cover.
1 run, the flat legbreak, worked to midwicket.
FOUR runs, Axar goes short and outside off, the batsman skips back and crisply punches the ball between backward point and the covers.
1 run, steps out and works this full delivery towards midwicket.
no run, stays on a length, outside off, and bowls this one at 94ks. Pushed to cover.
2 runs, length ball at off stump, swung away through midwicket with a cross-batted swipe, deep square is able to get around.
no run, full and just outside off, looks to drill it straight again. Miscued again. Thick inside edge to short fine's left.
SIX runs, that's what T20s are all about. Anticipation. The first ball of the over was tidy and straight. So the batsman backs away and hopes it's there again. It is. He slices a carve off a full, straight delivery over point. Fantastic batting.
SIX runs, smash. the batsman with a reminder that there's some batting left. Hangs deep in the crease, gets a short ball that is also a slower ball. Plenty of time to swing and he manages to lift it over deep midwicket. That's a Chinnaswamy sixer.
no run, good length and straight, the batsman defends this watchfully from the crease.
1 run, dabs this googly into the leg side to get off the mark.
SIX runs, pumped straight over his head! What a clean straight hit this is. Friendly full delivery just outside off, front leg out of the way and a clean swing through the line. Dead straight.
1 leg bye, yorker, down the leg side, but gets him on the toe. A leg-bye ensues.
FOUR runs, length ball on leg stump and the batsman unleashes a short-arm pull that goes two bounces into the long-on boundary.
FOUR runs, expertly done! Low full toss pushed across off stump  but Nabi has jumped into line and with a quick wristy flick, he's sent that to the deep square boundary.
1 run, short of a length, wide outside off, punched to deep cover.
FOUR runs, tossed up and spins a wee bit outside off, the batsman searches for the paddle to fine leg, but ends up top-edging it fine of the other Pandya at short third man.
2 runs, back of a length outside off, he stays legside of the ball and punches between cover and point.
no run, another leading edge. Slow on middle and leg, gets some turn too. Off the top edge towards midwicket.
2 runs, on the middle stump, the batsman plonks his front foot across and goes for the big sweep. Thakur runs to his right at long leg and just about keeps it in, almost over-running in the deep.
1 run, full on middle stump, drilled down to long-on.
SIX runs, the quicker short one, at 142ks, and the batsman gives the bowler the taste of the medicine he himself gave Ngidi. Backs away to pull him for a flat six to midwicket to take 18 off this final over. Ideally, though, he shouldn't have been bowling this ball, but the umpire had other ideas.
OUT, slows this down, bowls full on the pads, he sweeps it fine, calls for a single, and Surya looks like he has been run out. And he is gone. Shami is feeling his shoulder but his throw from short fine leg has done the job, catching Yadav short of his ground with a direct hit. It is Yadav's call, he has had an early start, no stutter. So he has underestimated Shami here.
4 runs, he overpitches, this is driven to long off, they take on the throw for a second, the bowler doesn't field the throw at the non-striker's and they get two over throws! Worse still Jadhav hurt his shoulder saving the overthrows near the boundary! They nearly got six.
OUT, taken at deep midwicket. Low full toss angled into leg stump from around the wicket. Looks to time that, an aerial flick. But he's taken well inside the boundary.
1 run, full on middle and leg, and the batsman comfortably turns it off his toes to deep backward square. Time-out once again.
1 run, shortish and outside off, run down to third man.
1 run, flighted, and he drives this towards long off. Airy, but safe as there was no fielder within reach of that.
no run, length ball, outside off, and he misses out as he tries to run this down towards third man. 133.9kph.
no run, Dhawan steps out, slashes and misses outside off.
1 run, moves wide to cover the line, the bowler gives him no pace to work with. Hit to long-on for one.
no run, grip and turn. Lobbed up at 78.3kph on a middle stump line. Leans in and pushes with hard hands to extra cover.
no run, good length and holds its line on off stump, Rohit negotiates it carefully.
nan
SIX runs, big six. Slot ball from the bowler. Wide outside off, and he has missed the yorker. the batsman accepts the half-volley with glee, and sends it over long-off.
no run, on a length, 147ks, defended back. A wicket-maiden but for that edged boundary over slip.
1 run, 124 kph, short and wide outside off, slashed away to deep point for one.
no run, slower leg break, he defends from the crease.
1 leg bye, full and into the pads, looks for the whip behind square again and cops that on the pad.
1 run, finishes off with another low full toss, which the batsman can only slap down the ground to long-off.
1 bye, beaten on the reverse sweep. Good length ball turning down leg side and he's through it too quickly. AB doesn't gather cleanly.
no run, full now, gets swing, bowls really full, 128ks, dug out back to him.
2 runs, fuller and quicker on middle, the batsman attempts the same stroke again but perhaps got too close to it to get elevation and ends up dragging it towards midwicket for a couple.
1 wide, sprays it horribly down the leg side and Parthiv, standing up to him, does well to dive to his right and stop it.
FOUR runs, shot. Knew third man was a touch square, and when the bowler banged it in short, angling across to off stump, he simply leaned back and ramped it away nice and fine.
no run, good length on middle and leg, that's too close to the batsman's body for a square cut. Chooses to open the face of the bat and glance it to point.
no run, short of good length, angled in, blocked.
FOUR runs, darted quickly just outside off, the batsman is back and slashes past the infield, opens the faces and sends the ball fizzing behind point for his first boundary.
1 run, follows the batsman as he makes room and as a result, the batsman can only push it to long-off for a single.
SIX runs, lovely shot. Picks the short boundary and goes for it. the bowler is quick and short and into the body, but the batsman makes room and cuts this chest-high bouncer over point for a flat six.
1 run, short of a length and in at off stump, punched to sweeper cover off the back foot.
no run, short of a good length, up at the hips on an off stump line, can't do more than defend that into the covers.
1 run, short of a length, wide, away from him, punched straight to extra cover.
no run, the batsman walks right across this too. But misses. A good length delivery outside off, the batsman walks across, misses and is struck on the pad! A massive appeal is quickly struck down, but Mumbai want to review. the batsman is well down the pitch, there isn't any bat. Two reds, but the ball is bouncing over the top of off stump. So Mumbai lose their review.
FOUR runs, gorgeous lofted drive over the bowler. Full and into off stump, stays very still and offers the full face to get this over the bowler. Minimum effort.
1 run, length ball just outside off, shuffles and looks to clip through midwicket. Gets a leading edge to extra cover's right.
1 run, short and just outside off, dropped into the off side with soft hands.
FOUR runs, too short, and he rocks back and cuts late through backward point, beats the fielder in the deep to his left.
1 wide, bouncer. Down leg side.
1 run, steps out and hammers this down the ground, AB dives full stretch to his right at mid-off to save a certain boundary.
1 run, a low full toss, a yorker. Pushed to long-on. Not much the batsman can do with that.
1 run, length ball outside off and turning further away. Cut off the back foot to the fielder in the deep once again.
1 run, turns this with the spin to wide long-on.
1 run, slower ball on the pads, tucked away to deep squareleg.
no run, short and skidding into the thigh, hits the thigh and rolls to midwicket.
no run, good length and turning off stump, defended into the off side.
OUT, full toss outside off, and slapped over cover point. Gowtham's at deep point, and his jumping effort is good enough! The ball sticks in his hand, and that's quite an extravagant celebration. Puts his ball in the pocket and folds both arms in the deep.
1 run, full toss above waist height and he pulls it for a single. Not given a no ball! the batsman looks at the umpire and can't believe it. That was certainly above his waist at the point of contact and he was on his toes too.
1 run, good length on middle stump, deep in the crease to punch this to long-off.
SIX runs, slower ball on the pads and de Villiers has found his groove, picked that up with the angle, flat and hard over the deep squareleg fence for six.
OUT, skied to cover! Finally a mistake. the batsman had been flawless until now. He tossed this up and it just dropped on the batsman late as he ran down and tried to loft over long on, he got a leading edge and skied it straight up to cover, Tahir had to sit under it for awhile but he held on.
to Pandey, 1 run, good length and wide outside off, mistimed  drive on the up to mid-off's left. 139.1kph.
no run, flat legbreak, closer to off stump. Punched to short extra-cover, and that's a wicket maiden for Shreyas.
1 run, full on leg, and the batsman comfortably glances this fine down the leg side. Man in the deep though.
1 run, steps out and mistimes this hoick, gets it wide of mid on as they scamper a single.
no run, offcutter, back of a length and just outside off. Punched to extra cover.
1 run, full on off, picks the googly and whips it away towards long-on to retain strike.
1 run, on a length, no room, the batsman plays with soft hands and places this in front of point.
OUT, Another soft, soft dismissal. Non-turner outside off, the bowler lobs it up in the air. the batsman expects it to turn but it doesn't. He closes the face early and chips a leading edge to Williamson at extra cover.
1 run, fast delivery, 94kph and pushed through outside off as Dhawan comes at him, deflected off the pads.
SIX runs, see ya. That is not a length the bowler can afford to bowl at his pace. Short of a good length and he's got the front foot stride to slug this over deep midwicket from outside off.
SIX runs, the batsman has started picking the slower ball already. He delays the shot, keeps his head down, and slogs this length ball over wide long-on.
FOUR runs, beautiful shot the bowler tosses the first ball up, the batsman is down the track and drives him straight back and finds the fence.
1 run, full on middle, and he's down on one knee to sweep it behind square! Prasidh Krishna manning that region.
SIX runs, Six boundaries and 28 off the over. The the batsman Bash is on at the Wankhede. I suspect this was the slower short ball outside off. the batsman lines it up and swats it powerfully over midwicket.
no run, back of a length on off stump, punches it into the covers.
1 run, length ball on middle, but angling down the leg side. the batsman flicks, and helps it on its way to fine leg.
1 run, a gentle little nudge off his pads into the midwicket region. the bowler searches for some swing, angling it in and getting the ball to straighten just enough.
no run, full and in at middle stump. Flicked to midwicket.
no run, shuffling feet and pushed into the covers.
1 run, length around off, goes back and nudges it towards long-on, the ball hurries on to the batsman.
1 run, slight shimmy, the bowler yorks him, they pinch a single straight of mid-off.
1 run, nudges a shortish delivery outside leg behind square leg.
no run, yorker first up, and a slower yorker at that. the batsman just pats it back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, short and into the hips with the swing. Stands tall and turns it fine with a glance.
no run, good length and jumping up from a middle stump line. Gets behind that to defend and it pings off the outside half.
OUT, the batsman perishes. He is looking to go over the short off-side boundary, and he has picked the wrong'un to do so, but the ball sits in the surface and he is early into the shot, ending up dragging this to long-on for an easy catch.
1 run, full just outside, and that's been pushed with soft hands towards the vacant area near cover.
no run, a tossed up delivery on middle, blocked back.
2 runs, tossed up outside off, clipped to the left of deep backward square leg.
1 run, full on the pads, tucked away to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower ball, the batsman early into the shot, but checks it and takes a single to cover.
SIX runs, slower ball, and he gets hold of it, and swings this over long on. Slapped, almost like a double-handed forehand crosscourt!.
1 run, flatter length ball close to off stump, presses forward, opens his bat face, and dabs to short third man.
1 run, short of a good length and swung into the corridor. Cut to third man.
1 run, inswinger again, a touch too straight, and clipped away for one.
1 run, good length outside off, and cut square to the man in the deep. They walk across for the single.
2 runs, short and wide outside off, and that's been flat-batted towards the bowler. the bowler drops the catch, but manages to go towards mid on to collect the ball. Then has a shy at the stumps, and hey, it's a direct hit! Williamson's just in. So that's two to the total.
1 run, full on off stump, drives to long-off.
FOUR runs, on a length and outside off, the batsman backs away, collapses his back leg and lofts it inside out over extra cover.
1 run, super slow, but short outside off. KW has to wait ages, before swiping it from over his head and to the man at deep midwicket.
1 run, 148kmh, short ball to the batsman, he pulls a bit swkwardly to long leg.
1 run, good length and just outside off, shuffles and taps to long-on with soft hands.
1 run, full, outside off, squeezed in front of extra cover for one.
1 wide, short and spinning away, far too wide on the googly. Left alone.
1 run, full, middle and off, driven to deep cover for one.
1 run, short and wide outside off. Goes hard with the cut, gets an under-edge to extra cover's left.
no run, gets forward and plays to the on side.
no run, back of a length outswinger outside off. Walks down the pitch and taps it into the leg side.
no run, good length on off stump, tentatively defended off the front foot.
no run, good length and into leg stump. Looks to flick aerially and cops that in the mid-riff.
1 wide, wide down the leg side as he goes wide on the crease and angles it too far.
no run, full on off stump, driven firmly towards long-on. the bowler dives and stops one-handed.
SIX runs, majestic. the batsman goes deep into the crease, and loft him like a seamer off a length. No turn there so he afford to do that. Clears long-on with ease.
1 run, goes full, outside off, pushed straight of mid-off for one.
FOUR runs, misfield by Jofra at long-on. Full and front-of-the-hand quicker one. Just outside off. He's to the pitch of that and crunches it down the ground. Archer extends his left hand but can't muster the balance to come back up with the ball in hand.
1 run, good length at off stump, punched on the up to mid-off's right.
no run, starts with a length ball outside off, squeezes under his attempt to cut, and dies on its way to Rahul.
1 run, he shuffles down and drives straight of mid off, Iyer misfields attempting to gather and throw in one motion but it doesn't cost an extra run.
1 run, length, on off stump, and he plays it towards midwicket.
no run, inside edge it appears. Length ball outside off. Gets on his back knee and looks to drive but this ends up with the keeper.
1 run, short of a length, some width, punched to deep point for one.
1 wide, good length and down leg side, can't get bat on it.
no run, pitched up and largely holds its line on off, tapped up to the covers.
1 run, slower cutter outside off, glided away to third man.
1 run, length on middle stump, driven to long-on.
1 run, length ball, back of a length, and punched off the back foot to long on.
1 run, length ball, driven to extra cover for one.
1 run, he walks right across and connects neatly with the lap scoop but he finds the keeper. It's a slower delivery well outside off. That missed off stump by not much. Iyer forces him to complete the run.
SIX runs, deposited over cow corner! Full on leg, but Moeen chooses to skip down the ground to meet it. Whipped away off his toes, and this has gone over midwicket.
OUT, down the wicket, beaten in the flight as he drags the length back, the lack of spin means he gets an inside edge onto the pad and the ball rolls to Dhoni's right, who collects and stumps the batsman.
no run, googly at a length outside off, blocked on the front foot.
FOUR runs, same shot but on the other side and same result. Shuffled a bit towards off and this time he swept it much finer for four.
no run, flatter length ball on middle and leg, worked towards midwicket.
1 run, full, wide, reaches out and stabs it to sweeper cover.
no run, slower ball, that's just 94.7ks, and the batsman has to reach out as it nips away off the seam, skews it off the inside of the bat down the pitch.
2 runs, chipped over extra cover as Patel goes wide. Gets a couple for this.
2 runs, good length at middle, steps out and is not to the pitch, but adjusts and chips to long-on's right.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. the batsman gets under a length ball and goes inside-out over cover for four.
1 run, the bowler digs this one in, the batsman ramping his uppercut over point   but once again it's Rinku who sprints around and stops the boundary.
no run, quicker, flatter, shorter. Defended with an open face.
1 run, the batsman stays leg-side of the ball and drives to wide long-off.
FOUR runs, draws him forward on the drive, Kishan gets a thick edge past slip to beat third man. Streaky.
1 run, pushed through on middle and leg, whipped through midwicket.
no run, good length and sliding on towards off stump. Hurried punch down the pitch off the back foot.
1 run, full on middle and leg, and the batsman goes for the big shot. Misses the slog, as the ball comes off the bat's inside half.
no run, short of a length, outside off, left alone.
1 run, another googly, shorter this time. the batsman has plenty of time to wait on the back foot and punch to long-off.
1 run, good length at middle stump, on the back foot and taps this into the leg side.
no run, short of a length, straight, pulled down the ground but not past the short straight midwicket.
no run, back of a length on middle and leg, the bowler gets it to straighten, defended.
SIX runs, on-pace short ball, and the batsman has already hit the second six of the night. Makes room as the bowler looks to cramp him up, and then he swivels to pull it square on the leg side.
FOUR runs, and again, that big step across the stumps. This time it's the batsman, and he helps a loopy full-toss - aimed at the top of off stump - to the left of the diving Watson at short fine leg.
OUT, well, we have a review for lbw first ball! Yorker, and the batsman plays all around it, looking to flick it away. Given not out, and Smith reviews without too much hesitation. Hits him on the front boot  Impact in line with middle and leg, and ball-tracking says it'll crash into leg stump. Bye bye, Hardik.
no run, makes room and punches to cover, super stop by Warner moving swiftly to his left.
1 run, brute of a bouncer the batsman's head is falling away as he fends. Off the handle it goes. Karthik calls him through for a single.
FOUR runs, thick outside edge that beats short third man. Looks to slice this behind point but the ball dips and takes the edge.
1 run, back of a length around off, drops it into covers for one.
no run, pushed to the covers.
no run, length ball just outside off, solidly behind the line to punch to extra cover.
no run, quickish length ball wide of off, gets down low for a front-foot cut to backward point.
1 run, on a length, straight, flicked to deep midwicket for one.
2 runs, slower ball, on a length, on the pads, worked past short fine leg. The dive from the fielder, and the consequent touch, possibly deflects the ball away from the line of the deep backward square running in. They take the second.
no run, good length, just outside off, driven on the up to backward point.
1 run, fuller around off, looks to slog it away, mistimes it towards long-on.
no run, darted short and swings away outside off, the batsman slashes  and misses.
SIX runs, see ya! the bowler skids a short of a length ball at the pads from around the wickets and the batsman drops all the technique training he's done through his life and swings wildly to send it a long way over deep midwicket.
SIX runs, oh, shot! Just steps out of his crease and he hasn't even got right to the pitch. But what he does is make sure to give himself enough room before launching it over extra cover with a free extension of the arms. Hits the boundary cushion on the full. Or has it? The TV umpire has multiple slow-mo replays to look at it. Eventually decides it's a six. Top shot.
no run, the batsman forays down the track, knuckle ball, bounces and beats the batsman outside off.
no run, slider first ball, beats him on the cut, drawing a shout from Bairstow.
1 run, down the track and pushed down to long-off.
no run, quicker googly from Rashid, zips back in and pins the front pad below the knee-roll. The finger goes up. Faf asks for a review. No inside edge but this seems to be heading down the leg side. The tracker suggests it's going down leg.
no run, top stuff! Pitches it right up to the batsman and then gets it to swing away. Luckily for the batsman, he had his bat well inside the line.
no run, Sunrisers have gone for the review, for a caught-behind. Fuller and down the leg side, the batsman moves across and goes for the flick. Was there something on it as it passed the batsman? Yes, there was but that's the pad strap. Review lost.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut away to backward point for a run. A good start from the bowler.
no run, full, middle and off, no turn. Pushed to cover.
1 run, sticking with the short ball, and it's wide outside off again. DK taps it to point, but the throw has no one backing up. Allows them to collect the extra run.
no run, length ball, landing outside off and angling in. Fended off the back foot to mid-on.
1 run, uses the width to steer this length delivery to deep point.
FOUR runs, back of a length on middle, and he stays on the back foot. Then turns his chest, and thumps a pulled-shot over midwicket.
1 run, short of a length around middle, gets on top and opens the face to third man.
1 run, this time, he hits this lofted drive on the bounce to Miller at long off.
no run, short of a length and delivered with a lower arm. Slides into off stump and he punches to extra cover.
FOUR runs, slower ball, short of a length, and just slides down too much, and de Villiers pulls this square of long leg for four.
1 run, full on off, and turning into his body. Nudged off his pads to square leg for a walking single.
1 run, walks down the track this time, the bowler sends it down towards the pads and he gets an inside edge behind square on the leg side.
FOUR runs, dragged into the hips, the batsman swivels and short-arms it away past short fine leg for another four. Another bad day for the best T20 bowler. He ends with 1 for 49.
no run, edged, but short of the keeper. Well bowled to finish. Another slower ball outside off, CdG gets a bit of bat on his swing.
no run,  slog and a miss.  Deceived in flight as he looked to swing across the line to long on.
FOUR runs, uses the depth of his crease! Good length on leg stump, and Kishan goes deep into his crease to open the gap behind square on the leg side. Swivels and pulls along the ground to deep backward square.
SIX runs, Vintage the batsman! Full on middle and that beautiful flow of the bat and follow through, goes flat and hard over the bowler's head.
1 run, slow wide legbreak, slogged across the line, but gets a bottom edge for one to long-on.
3 runs, short outside off, opens the face to slice to third man.  Draws the throw to the non-striker's end where it might have been close if the bowler was behind the stumps. He has to try and relay it instead as Sharma dives. The result is an extra run at long-on.
nan
no run, uppish towards mid-off. Looks like a front-of-the-hand slower ball, and Kishan is early into the push to a length ball.
no run, length outside off, defended into the off side.
no run, turns this gently into the leg side.
no run, 83 kph, looking to come down and turn the ball to midwicket but fails to make adequate contact. Off the pad.
1 run, makes room and drills this full delivery to long on.
no run, flat on middle and leg, worked away to midwicket.
SIX runs, there's the fifty partnership! Yuuuge over. Half-tracker outside off and the batsman rocks back to earn some extra time. Swivels, and then pulls it over cow corner. Expensive!.
no run, very full and attacking the stumps, defended back to the bowler.
no run, tossed up at off stump again, driven back on the bounce to the bowler.
no run, full inswinger again, driven firmly back at the bowler.
1 run, slower and full on middle, de Villiers lunges forward and taps it into the gap on the off side for one. First time the bowler has bowled to de Villiers in the IPL and not got his wicket.
1 run, good length outside off, mistimed slog along the ground to deep midwicket.
2 runs, a good effort from Harshal to slide to his right from deep fine leg but he wasn't quick enough to throw it back qucikly and they come back for the second.
1 run, reverse sweep again. Set himself too early, and the bowler fired it a bit shorter, forcing him to go square towards backward point.
no run, shuffles across to look to go over extra cover, and is beaten by the ball that holds its line.
SIX runs,  just over Samson's outstretched hands at wide long-on!  This is a slower length ball that spins away from outside off, the batsman backs away and fetches this slap from outside off, ends up dragging it but still manages enough.
1 run, full on off stump, driven on the rise to long-off.
2 runs, short on off, but the batsman shuffles across to the off side. Pulls it behind square for a couple more.
1 run, length on off, pushed to mid-off and they complete a quick single with the fielder hanging back on the circle.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, nudged past cover off the back foot.
1 run, yorker at middle stump, watchfully pushed down to long-on.
SIX runs, half-tracker that the batsman pulls way over the deep midwicket fence. Too easy, pie that was asking to be hit.
1 run, low wide full toss, driven hard to square third man for one.
1 run, short of a length, quick, runs this down to third man for one.
OUT, there's a sound and there's a wicket! the batsman de Villiers for a duck. Cross-seam delivery at a good length and in the corridor. He looks to drive from inside the line of that and gets a thin edge through to Dhoni. the bowler's penchant for getting the big players is alive - Russell in the last match, the batsman tonight.
no run, yorker at leg stump, jammed into the leg side.
1 run, full ball, and he biffs this away towards AB de Villiers at deep midwicket. Goes to him after bouncing.
no run, length outside off, goes for the cut but it's not an easy pitch for that shot, chops it back towards the bowler.
1 run, another knuckle ball, length outside off, the batsman stays back and works it towards midwicket.
no run, big appeal, not given. Back of a length offcutter, and the batsman shuffles across to try and work into the leg side. Nips in past the inside edge, but it might be a touch high, and the impact may have been outside off.
(no ball) FOUR runs, the batsman has been handcuffed by the length last two balls, but here he moves away to create room and cuts this shortish ball past point. What's more? This is a no-ball too.
1 run, length on off, swung away to deep midwicket for one.
FOUR runs, full on middle, but the batsman makes some extra room and then drills it past the bowler. the bowler's lucky that he got out of the delivery's way. Smokes this to the long-off boundary.
2 runs, length outside off, it turns sharply back in again but Suryakumar deflects it from the keeper's gloves almost and gets a couple past short third-man.
1 run, slower ball, dug in short at leg stump. Miscued pull out to deep square leg.
1 wide, that's what he does, forces you to bowl wides. Just outside the tramline and wide. But that's a good option from the bowler.
1 run, length outside off, steered past point, races away to third-man's right, but he cuts it off.
1 run, short of a length, straight, dropped into the leg side for one.
1 run, full on middle, and the batsman takes a big stride forward to drive towards mid on.
FOUR runs, smart shot. Picks his spot in the leg side, and sweeps the bowler against the little turn that there is, and goes over square leg.
1 run, good length outside off, driven on the up to long-off.
2 runs, goes for the yorker, misses his mark, but draws a slice from him. the batsman takes a couple wide of long-off.
FOUR runs, fuller around off, bends down and scoops it over the keeper's head, one-bounce four.
no run, again, middle and leg, angling towards off, quite quick. Defended again.
OUT, full ball, and he has muscled this towards long on, but not got the distance! Shreyas Iyer gets under it and takes the catch easily in the end. Went off the toe-end of the bat, and the batsman has to go. What a platform for the other batsmen to follow.
OUT, the batsman walks off. Doesn't wait to see if this low catch is clean or not. the bowler rolls his fingers on the short ball, the batsman gets a top edge thanks to the extra bounce, and Pant dives in front to take the catch.
1 run, bouncer and a misitmed pull on the bounce to deep midwicket. Curran steps out at that and gets it off the low part of the bat.
no run, length at off stump, pushed to Mandeep's right on the front foot. He nearly runs Pant out at the non-striker's end. Slides, picks up, throws on the bounce. And now Pant is injured, jamming his finger while diving.
no run, looks to lap him around the corner, but has clearly not picked the wrong'un and is hit on the pad.
2 runs, picked off the pads to the right of deep midwicket.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended into the covers.
1 run, length-ball offbreak, worked to leg for one.
1 run, tossed up on leg stump and clipped through midwicket.
1 run, full on leg stump, and that's been well bowled! Angling into his toes, and it can't be put away.
FOUR runs, smartly played. the bowler bowls the short ball to cramp him up. However, this is the slower ball, giving him the time to adjust, and he ramps it over short third.
no run, fuller outside off, goes down on one knee and looks to swipe it away, misses.
no run, overpitched and outside off, Faf backs away and belts it straight to the covers.
1 run, fuller again, well outside off, another free-flowing drive, but not as well timed. Long-off fields.
FOUR runs, this is tremendous! There's deep midwicket and deep square, but he bisects the field again. Goes back deep into the crease and whip-pulls this. Strong bottom hands as well. Timed magnificently.
no run, darted, a touch wider, steered to point.
no run, good length and sliding onto middle stump. Pushed down the pitch off the back foot.
no run, full, almost in the blockhole, angling into off stump, clipped to mid-on.
1 run, driven down to long on, one more.
2 runs, full, swinging in, driven wide of long-off for two.
no run, on a length, middle and leg, defended to leg.
no run, length at off stump, blocked on the front foot.
4 byes, poor from Prabhsimran! Offcutter on middle, and the ball goes under the batsman's attempted swing and on the bounce to the keeper. But Prabhsimran fails to gauge the bounce, and it goes through him for four byes. The extra ball, thanks to the wide earlier, eventually hurts Kings XI.
1 run, eased late, down to square third man.
SIX runs, go and pick that up! Quite literally in this case because it's into the closed stands. Hangs back, picks the offcutter and wallops it over the midwicket boundary. That sounds, my goodness .
FOUR runs, slower length ball, Kishan hops across and pulls over short fine. Sweet! Excellent match awareness, signs of knowing the field inside-out.
OUT, skiddy full ball, slanting in from over the wicket, 144ks, the batsman looks to slog over midwicket. He misses it and is hit on the unprotected knee. Trapped in front. The umpire takes his own sweet time before raising his finger.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched to point's left off the back foot.
no run, good length outside off, beaten on the drive.
no run, angles this short of length delivery across, Washington looks to back away and slash but is beaten.
no run, full on off, and he takes a big stride forward to drive. Bat's face turns in his hand, and it rolls down to Viljoen at mid-on.
no run, inside edge onto pad and rolls to slip. the bowler is up in appeal, but the edge saved him. Length ball on off, he wanted to cut it, but edged onto pad.
1 run, good length on off stump. The batsman goes deep into his crease before defending off the back foot.
no run, bouncer on middle, the batsman is beaten for pace as he misses the pull.
1 run, short of a length, straight, punched down to long-on for one.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on's right.
1 leg bye, beats him for pace with a quick length ball, hits the pad, but this is headed down leg. This has hit him between the pad and thigh pad.
1 run, full and wide, squeezed out to deep point for one.
1 run, on a length, outside off, pushed wide of cover for one.
5 wide, short ball climbs over DK. Dug in very very short. the batsman was running down the pitch and couldn't even think of getting connection on that. That gripped in the surface.
no run, legspinner outside off, the batsman tentative coming forward, beaten on the outside edge.
no run, legcutter on off stump, the batsman keeps still and pushes to extra cover.
1 wide, the bowler follows the batsman with a yorker but slips it down leg.
no run, short of a length just outside off, jabbed to point off the back foot.
FOUR runs, overpitched and outside off, the batsman leans into it and drives it crisply through the covers. Sweeper can't cut it off.
no run, full and straight, 129 kph. Excellent delivery because it keeps the pressure on the batsman. Defended.
no run, quick, on a length, on off, defended with an open face.
OUT, slower ball, and he looks to go towards point, but hasn't been able to clear backward point! He has been having trouble picking up the bowler's slower ball, and this was another off-cutter just wide of off stump, and he went for the right choice of shot, but sliced it as he tried to go towards the backward point fence.
1 run, good length and sliding on at middle stump, punched to deep midwicket off the back foot.
no run, leaves that alone as it turns a mile away from him.
1 leg bye, tight offbreak, into the pads, just the one leg-bye to short fine.
1 run, straying into the pads, flicked crisply to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, another misfield. the bowler ha bowled a good ball, short of a length, making him play to his field at deep midwicket, but Gill messes up a regulation take. And the ball slides towards the boundary, Gill dives but his elbow is touching the rope with the ball still in his hand. Or so it appears from the replay.
1 run, good length at off stump, punched with the turn to long-on.
1 run, too short, misses out! Rocks back to pull, gets it high on the bat, manages to squirt this down to long on.
1 run, another knuckle ball, length outside off, moves across and works it towards deep midwicket.
1 run, slower ball, on the pads, and the slowness of the pace means the glance can't beat short fine leg.
no run, closes out a lovely over with a perfect inswinger that cannot be driven or pulled. And it is aimed at top of off. Defended back to him.
1 run, length, turns into him and he tucks this away to long leg.
SIX runs, bouncer, looking to follow him as he backs away, but the batsman manages to get inside the line and pull this fine for a six over fine leg. All that pace can be your enemy if you slide down leg.
no run, goes wide to defeat the batsman's attempt at the ramp. Beats his outside edge.
1 run, full on middle, and he sticks his bat out to guide this down to third man.
1 run, length on the pads, pushed towards midwicket with soft hands, they consider two but it isn't on.
no run, fuller on the stumps, Parthiv looks to flick it away but misses, struck on the pads but was heading down.
OUT, taken at cover. the bowler's so good he's getting wickets off full tosses. the batsman tries to drag it from outside off into the leg side but the rapid pace on the ball means it skews off the outside top half of the half and ends up in Rahane's hands.
no run, very full and slanting away outside off, the batsman shoulders arms.
1 run, short and just outside off, chopped to point.
no run, length ball on off, but Mayank makes room to lift this over extra cover. Splices the shot to the leg side instead.
FOUR runs, very nicely played. A low full toss outside off, driven away through cover. He's kept to the bowler for so long, he knows what's coming. And finds the gap.
no run, bouncer at middle stump, looks to hook and is beaten.
no run, angling into him from around the stumps, and gets it to straighten just a touch, takes a thick outside edge to point off the batsman' attempted push.
no run, slower ball, nearly a yorker, dug out to extra cover.
no run, gives room to the leg side again, but that's a good response from the bowler, rolling his fingers on a slower ball outside off, and Mayank can't reach it.
1 run, another low full toss, and he ends up hitting this straight to deep backward square leg for one.
1 run, length, and he lofts this towards wide long off. They go for just one run. Kohli wants that century of his.
1 wide, short and wide outside off, left alone. It's a wide, is the signal from square leg.
1 wide, tossed up outside off, and outside the tramlines. the batsman leaves .
2 runs, a slower delivery outside off, punched away to deep cover for a couple. Shaw again takes a fraction of a second longer to release, he has to develop a quicker release in time.
OUT, the bowler gets the batsman. the bowler runs in hard, hits the deck harder, Gopal runs back from midwicket, gets into a side-on position in the outfield and takes this skier in the end. the batsman never really got going and the bowler's pace is just too quick for him. 142.6ks, the batsman is late onto the pull. He can only skew it in the air, and Gopal does the rest. Gone for 6 off 12 balls.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
no run, just short of Buttler! Back of a length outside off, the batsman looks to guide this down to third man, an under edge is collected on the bounce.
no run, starts with a googly that the batsman defends from the crease.
1 run, full on off stump, driven along the ground to long-off.
no run, skiddy length ball back in from wide of the crease, the batsman hops back and defends.
no run, length on middle, nearly squares him up again but he plays late and with a straight bat, to his credit.
no run, full outside off, and the batsman chooses to defend it towards cover point. Played with soft hands.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven along the floor to extra cover.
no run, defends a length ball just outside off.
1 run, full on middle, drilled down the ground.
1 run, slow through the air, full, on the toes, driven down to long-on for one.
1 run, steps out and drives firmly, the bowler half-stops so can't prevent the single.
no run, length outside off, banged hard into the surface, the batsman stays back and pushes it to point.
FOUR runs, now the conventional sweep. The back-of-the-hand that spins in actually, and the batsman sweeps through the fine leg boundary.
OUT, it's all over! the bowler finishes with two wickets to his name. Good length outside off, and once again zipping straight through. The No. 11 tries to cut, but all he can get is a feather edge. Comfortably done by thala Dhoni as Chennai Super Kings win by 64 runs!.
SIX runs, right into the batsman's swinging arc and he's walloped this over deep midwicket. Saw the batsman backing away, and tried to cramp him but ended up straying on the pads. the batsman didn't miss out.
no run, on a length, just outside off, left alone.
3 runs, down the track and over the in-field reached the pitch of the ball outside off and wanted to go straighter than he ended up, splices it but over cover. Another long chase and the ball is pulled in, in front of the extra cover boundary.
SIX runs, full and wide outside off, the batsman reaches out for the ball and drives it all the way over extra cover for a flat six. Sublime timing. Shot of the day?.
FOUR runs, lifted over point. Whew. It's a limtied-overs batting clinic tonight from Jos. It's not easy to score if you let them bowl at you on this pitch, and he's just manipulating the field to put pressure on the bowlers. He's picking the gaps so well. Short and wide and this time he hangs back instead of slapping in front of square. Waits on it and chops over point.
2 runs, short ball to start things and the batsman pulls it nicely for two on the leg side.
1 run, length on off, crunched to deep cover to bring up his fifty.
1 run, good length at middle stump, onto the back foot and turns it into midwicket.
FOUR runs, low full toss outside off, and that's been slapped between point and cover point! Not sure where he attempted to hit it, but the ball turned in his hand, and therefore sliced it behind square.
1 run, full, just outside off, and turning away. Tapped off the front foot to cover.
2 runs, good length on leg stump, glanced to square leg's left off the back foot.
1 run, nice flight, lands this full on middle and leg, turned wide of short midwicket as they scamper a single.
3 runs, slog swept towards the vacant deep midwicket, length ball on the stumps, the batsman looks to go big but doesn't get the hold of it, comes back for the third.
OUT, Pant appeals, and the bowler asks the umpire too! And the finger has been raised. Short ball, on leg, and the batsman tries to ramp a shot over Pant's head. Ball takes a feather-edge off the bat's slice and Pant times his jump well to complete the catch. RCB paying the price for being too cute with the bat in this over.
2 runs, are they getting too cute now? Pushed with soft hands to the 30-yard circle, and they come back for two. Maxwell is gone if Sams hits direct. He misses.
1 run, full on the pads, tucked away towards squareleg.
no run, bouncer, in front of his face, outside off. Left alone.
no run, good length on off, and angling into the batsman. Fended back to the bowler off the back foot.
SIX runs, right, the batsman's had enough of hanging around and he absolutely clatters this several rows back into the deep midwicket boundary. Too short and he rocks back to generate immense power while dispatching the ball.
1 run, he's blocking a full toss - while his partner is belting yorkers. This is just bonkers.
no run, another yorker, on leg, jammed out.
1 run, short of length outside off, stays back and taps it towards the right of third man.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 run, full on the pads, flicked away to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower ball on middle, Dhawan shuffles across and tucks it away to deep squareleg.
no run, wide length ball, driven on the up, but can't beat cover-point.
1 run, slower full one, driven to long-off.
SIX runs, drags it over the wide long-on boundary. Not to the pitch of this good length ball at middle stump, but little risk going in that direction as mid-on is in the circle. Too far for deep midwicket to come close.
no run, tossed up and punched into the covers off the back foot.
no run, looks to heave it on the leg side, length ball outside off, makes no connection.
2 runs, mistimed pull over midwicket. Short and getting big once again off the pitch. About 137kph. Rohit drags it from outside off.
no run, jags back in from length on middle, sneaks off inside edge to hit him high on the left thigh.
OUT, slower ball, wide outside off, and he steers a cut-shot straight to the fielder at point! Dives diagonally to his right to take the catch, but umpire Gaffaney Llong wants to check with the TV umpire if that's carried. Soft signal: out. Replays make things even more complicated. From some angles it looks like a bump-ball, from another angle it looks like the fingers are under the ball. Let's see what the TV umpire says. And he says that Suryakumar has taken a clean catch! Big blow for CSK.
FOUR runs, short and pushed across the corridor, waits on it and cuts late to beat sweeper to his right.
SIX runs, attemps a bouncer, but the batsman says your pace doesn't intimidate me. Doesn't even bothering transferring his weight. Pulls him off the front foot and over deep midwicket. Hits the boundary rope on the full.
1 run, full on off, and swept across the line to the man in the deep. A comfortable walking single.
SIX runs, flat-batted over long on! He's not even hit it well, but the batsman's so powerful that the ball soars over Rayudu. It was short, and the batsman clearly hadn't timed it well, but hey, welcome to T20 cricket.
FOUR runs, slap. the batsman gets room outside off and he duly sends it flying over point. Right off the middle this time. Short from the bowler but not climbing up enough to cause trouble.
no run, back of a length and skids into the thigh, beats the inside edge, and bounces to hit the batsman.
2 runs, misfield from Ashwin at cover, which means a run-out opportunity goes a-begging! He rushes in, alert to the chance of a wicket, but it spins past his right and the batsman, who was ball-watching, while his partner Buttler had raced off the blocks, finally ends up able to complete the run and get an extra.
1 run, fuller and well outside off, the batsman moves across and flicks it to long-on.
no run, short and quick rom outside leg, no room as the batsman goes on his toes and defends down the ground.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
no run, beaten! Superb delivery, this one fizzes though. Vijay plays for the turn when there is none. Another carromball.
1 run, full at middle stump, slogged to long-on's right.
1 run, quick and flat outside off, he taps it late and calls for the single quickly.
1 wide, and again. A misdirected wide yorker from round the wicket, ends up bowling it too wide. Karthik had been gesturing to him to bowl a wide yorker, with his right arm extended outwards.
1 run, looks to drag a googly from well outside off over midwicket, but he's trying to do too much there, especially when the ball ends up near the wide line. Inside edge through midwicket.
2 runs, length, straight, and he plays this towards square leg, and immediately calls Gill through for two. Excellent running!.
FOUR runs, 147.3ks, leg-stump half-volley, not the short one, the batsman stylishly picks it off the pads and finds the square leg fence.
no run, slider, good length and at the stumps. Backs away and hurriedly pushes into the covers.
4 leg byes, flat dart, Kishan ventures a reverse-sweep and does not make contact. Off the thigh pad and rolls away between the keeper and slip. The tracker confirms it pitched outside leg.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, tucked away towards square leg for a single.
1 run, OUT, mistimes a pull to midwicket, brain fade from Bhuvi as he turned for the second, Rashid was never going to get there. Kohli coming in from deepmidwicket had to watch out for the late spin, he collected the ball on the bounce and fired an accurate throw to Parthiv who did the rest.
1 run, drags it down a bit shorter when trying to go flatter, and Dhawan stays beside the ball and square drives it to deep cover.
no run, outswinger, on a length, just outside off, pushed to cover.
FOUR runs, good length, and wide outside of again. the batsman goes deep into the crease and crunches this boundary behind point.
1 run, length ball, angling in from wide of the crease. Looks to drive down the ground - maybe to long-off - ends up hitting it through mid-on without a lot of power, off the inside half of the bat.
1 run, yorker length at middle stump, steps out and jams it down to long-on.
4 byes, the batsman misses, DK misses, the result is four byes. Full and breaks away outside off, googly, the batsman loses his shape on the slog-sweep, the ball sneaks through the keeper's legs.
SIX runs, smashed. Tossed up, went a bit wide of the crease, but a bit too full. the batsman uses his bottom hand and allies it with a good stride out to hit this straight back and into the sightscreen.
1 run, slides on outside off, run away past second slip.
SIX runs, belted into the stands! This is a poor ball, tripe ball. This is too short., freebie for the batsman as he mucles this behind square.
FOUR runs, back of a length on middle, the batsman ventures down the track and belts it past the bowler. Gowtham slides to his left from long-on but can't haul the ball in.
no run, dabs the short ball on middle to point.
1 run, good length, but wide outside off. Cuts it off the back foot to the man in the deep. He'll keep strike.
no run, slices it to point.
1 run, yorker again. Can't do much more than dig it out for one. the bowler has been excellent with the yorker. Is there no dew tonight?.
1 run, good length outside off, and the batsman pokes at it off the back foot. Played to short third man.
1 leg bye, good length down leg, off the pad down towards leg gully.
SIX runs, booom! Over midwicket and into the silent night! Eden did not like that. A slog sweep of great quality.
FOUR runs, drilled down the ground, long-off was no more than five metres away from the ball but he had no chance. What a flourish, what a finish.
no run, cross-seam short of length ball, he looks to arch back and steer wide of the keeper, but ends up getting a thick outside edge that bounces to short third man.
2 runs, a full mix up and another drop! Oh SRH are falling apart. Nearly a collision too. Length ball at middle, looks to slog that and ends up hitting it high between deep square and deep midwicket. Looks like Fabian Allen and Abhishek converging. Neither calling. In the end it pops out of Fabian's hand.
(no ball) 1 leg bye, this is a good bouncer on the free hit, the batsman is beaten on the hook, and hit on the helmet. But another no-ball. A big one.
1 run, short on leg stump, cramps the batsman for room, dragged away square of short fine leg.
FOUR runs, more luck for KKR! Length ball coming in at the batsman who is cramped for the room, gets an inside edge that hits the leg stump, the stumps light up but the bails don't dislodge, and to added to the misery, this has raced towards the fine leg boundary. Should have been runs, but the umpire signals byes.
no run, good length and at middle stump, backs away and drives on the up to extra cover's left. Jayant Yadav stops with his outstretched left arm.
FOUR runs, power-hit to the boundary again, this time with a pull shot, having picked up the length of the ball - short - so early. Some would say he engineered that length with the last shot.
SIX runs, full on leg, and in the batsman's range once again. Full swing of the bat, and it's come off the blade's sweet spot. Soars over long on!.
SIX runs, 107 kph, how has that gone for six? YIKES! A slower ball outside off, a very good one. A wide knuckle ball that's just inside the tramline, it's the perfect line. But a deceived slap carries all the way over long-on.
1 run, full on middle, and the batsman easily whips it off his toes to deep backward square. Wastes no time in getting off the mark.
no run, length ball turning into him, chopped to point.
OUT, the batsman holes out to Brathwaite at mid-on. 113.4ks, slower knuckle ball on the leg stump, the batsman attempts a loft but can only toe-end it in the air to Brathwaite inside the circle. the batsman has done his job, though.
1 run, attempts that Kohli-esque inside out drive, but can only play it to long off. It was full on off, and tempting for the youngster.
FOUR runs, edged and four down to third-man!.
2 runs, turns this wide of the bowler, there's no mid-on so Rashid has to hare across. Excellent running from the batsman and Mayank.
1 run, full toss, he chips a drive in the air towards long on but it lands short of him.
OUT, bounced out! And so simply done too! Digs it in short. Gets it to rise up towards the batsman's shoulder. Doesn't give him too much room to swing the arms, but the batsman chooses to anyway. And sends the ball right down deep square leg's throat.
no run, Massive appeal for caught behind turned down and Delhi opt for the review! Length outside off, looks to late cut it as it hurries on to him, but there was absolutely nothing there and the decision is upheld.
1 run, full and angling in at off stump, hangs back and works it through midwicket.
OUT, through him! And umpire Chaudhuri raises his finger. Full outside off, and the ball holds it's line. the batsman presses forward to drive with the offspin, but the ball whizzes past his outside edge, and Rahul whips the bails off. Was that caught-behind or stumping? Caught-behind it is. the batsman finding it hard to add to his 99 from the other day.
1 run, really full and outside off, Suryakumar replied with a steel-wristed flick to wide long-on.
1 run, Ishant galllps in, pitches slightly full on off and the batsman steps out to whip to midwicket, quickly on the move for a single.
1 wide, a very wide delivery outside off, called a wide.
FOUR runs, poor from Tye! What should've been two, has now gone for four. It was punched hard off the back foot past cover, but Tye can't stop it at wide long off.
no run, lifter, angling in from wide of the crease, Mohit ducks under it and lets it sail through to the keeper.
no run, full at the stumps, a dead-bat block. Terrific start from the bowler.
1 run, short of a good length, in the corridor. Tapped to cover point's left off the back foot.
no run, back of a length on off stump, defended to short extra-cover.
(no ball) 1 run, beamer, seems like a slower ball gone wrong, pulled away to long leg for one.
2 runs, a length ball with some room, opens the face real late to stab it to third man.
no run, back of a length outside off, but the bowler takes the pace off it. Pulled to cow corner, but these are consolation runs.
1 run, good length outside off, and the batsman shuffles across to that side to pull again. Not well connected this time.
1 run, flat and wide outside off, tapped to third man for a run.
no run, back of length around off, dabbed towards covers, wanted a single but sent back by his partner.
no run, good length at middle stump, shuffles and flicks to midwicket.
OUT, slower ball. Smart bowling. Bowl on pace to the Indian batsman, who has faced a lot of you. Go slow to the Australian, who has hardly faced you in the past? Wide length ball, offcutter, mis-hit to long-off.
no run, slower ball, nearly a yorker, dug out to mid-off.
2 runs, lands safely to long-on's right. Good length ball, reaches out and closes the face on this on off stump. Was looking to whip over midwicket and gets only elevation on it.
OUT, No. 4 for Varu. The legcutter is turning enough to do the DC hitters in. And none of them is looking to hit with the turn. All four have perished hitting to leg with the ball turning away from them. Another big outer edge as the ball turns away from him. Taken easily at long-off.
1 run, a slower delivery to start, nudged to deep square leg. Gayle first misfields, then recovers quickly, then engages in some Gayle theatrics.
2 runs, drilled towards the leg side, but played softly enough to come back for the second.
2 runs, that's a match-changing over. Just seven off it. A full, wide delivery outside off, sliced through backward point for two.
1 run, fuller but still on the pads, uses his wrists to flick to deep square leg.
SIX runs, launched straight down the ground and way over the sight screen! This was tossed up, and placed on a tee for the batsman, he pulled driver and cracked it miles!.
no run, good length and swung in sharply at middle stump, solidly defended on the front foot.
1 run, full toss on the pads, clipped away to deep squareleg.
no run, he's probing away, just outside off, generating steep bounce. the batsman chooses to leave again.
1 run, short and wide outside off, chopped to sweeper.
1 run, slower ball at a length on middle stump, leans in and flicks to deep midwicket's right.
FOUR runs, short, angled across, the batsman now latches onto a pull that beats deep square leg diving to his left.
1 run, a length ball on the pads, and the batsman plays a nothing flick in the air. He is lucky the field is up, and it just clears mid-on.
1 run, shorter on middle, yet another offcutter, the batsman camps back and nudges a single through midwicket.
2 runs, steps out and slaps this length ball to Chahal at the edge of the ring at extra cover, he got some hand on the dive to take pace off. Siraj mops it up in the deep.
1 run, length on off stump, steps out and jams it out to mid-on.
1 wide, fired wide outside off, off-side wide.
1 run, the batsman waits in the crease and whips across his front pad to find a single through square leg.
no run, much fuller and sliding in on middle from around the wicket, catches the batsman on the crease. He quietly defends it to the off side.
1 run, good length, offcutter just outside off. Gets forward and flicks to deep midwicket's left.
SIX runs, slower ball, full on off stump, and the batsman miscues it for six to bring up his fifty. A little unfair on bowlers, this game can be. the batsman went for the big hit over long-on, I think, and he ended up slicing underneath the ball and sending it hiiiiigh over long-off, but he's also managed to put enough into the shot for it to carry all the way.
2 runs, low arm, angling the ball in, the batsman paddles it away and comes charging back to the danger end, as Gayle hobbles for the second.
FOUR runs, good shot, picked his spot. Back of a length, seemed to hold in the pitch again, but the batsman was in position to pull and does it by going over the in-field. Once bounce in the midwicket fence. He placed it where no fielder was there.
1 run, slower short ball, at him, helped to long leg for one.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, backs away and punches to long-off.
OUT, de Kock has been run-out. A length ball outside off, Suryakumar cuts it towards point where Rabada fields and back flicks to the keeper, Surya took a step or two down and de Kock committed to it before Surya turned his back on his partner, resulting in both batsmen at the same end. Pant then relays the ball to Axar who breaks the stumps.
no run, length ball, sliding through in the corridor. Hurriedly punched into the covers.
no run, length on off, pushed to cover.
FOUR runs, the quicker they come, the quicker they go. This is an incredible shot. Nothing wrong with what the bowler has delivered. Short of a length, angling in, on top of off, but the batsman has made room and crunched this through point.
no run, brings him forward with another deliciously flighted delivery outside off. Shreyas plays with a much straighter bat than the last ball and blocks to the bowler.
SIX runs, a slog sweep, taking it from outside off this time and smashing it over wide long-on for another six, only 35 needed now.
1 wide, full and wide outside leg stump. the batsman tries to clip it towards the leg side, but too wide in fact. Extras.
1 run, goes back to a length ball and punches it past short extra cover.
1 run, rocks back and slaps this short ball to deep cover.
2 runs, gives him the charge, Harshal sends it slower around 128kmh, the batsman slogs for a thick egde to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, walks into the off side and swats this past square leg. Good length ball, slow and friendly on leg stump. an easy put away. It was 124kph.
no run, good length on off, and DK's happy to defend.
1 run, whips this length ball from outside off to deep square.
1 run, flighted on leg stump, and that's been whipped off his toes towards midwicket.
1 run, short of long-on. Back of a length around off, pulled with terrible timing to long-on. Why are there so many shots?.
no run, pushed through on off, the batsman presses forward and taps it back to the bowler.
OUT, that's brilliant from Curran! After being walloped by the batsman, bowls a full one on the pads, the batsman misses the flick and is struck on the pad, the ball trickles towards the bowler and Ishan Kishan takes off for a suicidal single at the non striker but Curran still has to change direction in his follow through, pick the ball up, turn and throw accurately in one motion and he does all of that with great precision to give the visitors more breathing space.
1 run, another slower one, short of length again, pulled behind square, only a single this time.
1 run, googly which he gets to the pitch of as he eases this to cover point for a quick single.
1 run, a shorter delivery, he plays back and drives to long-on.
no run, that has gone like an offcutter. This is not a slower ball. Clocked at 135ks. Short of a length, outside leg, then squares him up with the away movement and beats him.
no run, good length and just outside off, blocked on the front foot.
no run, yorker at leg stump, stabbed out to mid-on.
1 run, sharp short ball, draws a limp pull, but there is no one inside the circle on the leg side to take the catch.
1 run, good length on off, and punched off the back foot to mid on. He'll keep strike.
1 run, length at the stumps, on the back foot to punch to sweeper's left.
no run, flat length ball fairly wide of off, slapped to deep point.
1 run, good length coming in from outside off, glided to third man.
1 run, slower short ball, makes him hit to the big side, just the single to deep midwicket.
1 run, length on off, pace off the ball, pushed to long-off.
no run, nice legbreak, around off, turning back in, on a length, defended back to him.
FOUR runs, action replay! too much room outside off and too short again, Prithvi cuts it powerfully off the back foot once again and finds the point fence.
1 run, fuller around off, comes forward and flicks towards deep midwicket, the batsman was thinking of second initially but the fielder is quick to the ball.
no run, right on the off stump, the batsman blocks it back.
no run, wider line, through to the keeper once more.
1 run, full on leg stump, clipped away behind square for one.
5 wide, and this one is definitely turning past leg, also both of DK's legs. Pitches outside leg, turns a long way down and trickles towards the CSK dugout.
2 runs, full on off stump, and that's been smothered off his pads to wide long on. Chase for Pollard in the deep.
1 run, slower full ball on leg stump, 114.6kmph, flicked through square leg.
OUT, taken at extra cover! Oh boy, the batsman Kishan. For all the other goodness he gives you, he has a bit of misadventure too. That's what this is. the bowler back to the regulation legbreak again, tossed right up outside off. Kishan wants to pump him over the leg side first up but loses shape, slices it up for Samson to take to his right.
nan
1 run, falls short of sweeper cover. Dipping legbreak outside off. the batsman reaches with only his hands and looks to loft that over extra. Ends up slicing it.
no run, good length and curved into the corridor. Stays in the crease this time and defends to point.
1 run, flatter and fuller on off stump, worked to midwicket.
FOUR runs, punched to Samson's right at sweeper. He's in from the line a long way, halfway. This is a slower ball and a short one. Nicely on top of that to punch firmly in front of square.
2 runs, good length at the stumps, gets low and sweeps firmly to deep midwicket's right.
1 run, length ball, shaping away just outside off. Stabs it out to third man.
2 wide, dew taking effect, maybe ? Slips out the hand, well wide of the batsman and Rahul can't cling on to it either.
1 run, length on middle, nips back in slightly, tucked away towards deep squareleg.
1 wide, looking for the seam-up one, 115 kph. Waaaay down leg. Buttler does well to prevent five wides.
1 run, tossed up outside off, driven to long-off.
SIX runs, length ball, angling away from the batsman but the batsman fetches it and pulls it over deep midwicket, just clearing the fielder there.
no run, not much room outside off and he defends it back.
1 run, worked off the pads to deep midwicket.
1 run, good length at middle, steps out and drills to long-on's left.
1 run, flat, into the body, pulled to deep midwicket.
no run, kncukle ball that floats away at an off stump line. the batsman solidly behind the line to defend off the back foot.
no run, short of a length, no room, he looks to open the face, but can't place it. Cramped by the offcutter.
1 run, a low full toss on the toes, flicked towards deep square leg.
no run, full on off, defended.
FOUR runs, short on middle and the batsman pulls hard and in front of square to bring up an excellent fifty.
no run, full and just outside off, defended down the pitch.
no run, on a length, middle and leg, angling towards off, punched to mid-off.
2 runs, spins in from a back of a length, opens up and cuts to the third man region.
1 run, shorter and outside off, forced down to long-off.
no run, slides through under the bat. Yorker in the corridor, gets down and looking to sweep that over square. Not in line and ultimately not close to making connection as that skids past off stump.
1 run, short and just outside off, punched to long-on off the back foot.
no run, short of a length, tries to whip it away and gets hit on the high part of the bat.
FOUR runs, another yorker, but this time the batsman cues it fine of third man for four. Can't have been intended. Not entirely.
1 run, works this from outside off towards wide long on.
1 run, length ball outside off, slapped to cover.
OUT, gets him with the googly! Makes India's Test opener look bang average with yet another perfect googly for the season. Mayank looking to drive through the covers on the up, for a good length ball pitching on off. Massive gap between bat and pad. He had no inkling of this. Loses middle and off. the bowler doesn't normally bowl too many googlies to right handers, but he has nailed them this season so far.
1 run, tossed up slow wide of off, legbreak, swipes it against the turn to deep midwicket.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
FOUR runs, placed between cover point and backward point this time. Short and across him again. Waits on it a touch this time and opens the face on the cut.
no run, on a length and wider outside off, the batsman stabs at it but the outside edge does not carry to Dhawan at wide slip.
1 run, length ball spinning away from off and he does well not to let it go past him. He's beaten in flight as he steps out but manages to tuck it into the midwicket region.
1 run, short, chest-high ball on off stump, pulled to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, pitched up and outside off, the batsman presses forward, drives it on the up, and finds the gap at the covers.
no run, back of a length, tries to flick and does so early. It's the slower one and he gets hit on the back arm.
FOUR runs, on a length, outside off, driven on the up, hard and between the bowler and mid-off.
no run, flat length ball, no room, defended with an open face.
FOUR runs, full outside off, the batsman gets under it and goes over his favourite extra cover region again, and the timing is good to beat long-off running to his left.
1 run, quick length ball, into the body, driven down to long-on for one.
OUT, timber. Patel sees one on a length, and slogs across its line, only managing an inside edge onto the stumps.
1 run, offbreak, which doesn't turn. Punched down to long-on for one.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, shuffles across and hoists it to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, take that bouncer goes off target, down leg for the bowler and the batsman is on to it quickly. Rocks back and pulls with power, to deep square leg.
OUT, length, and he goes across the line this time, and holes out to deep midwicket! Vijay the batsman is filthy with himself, because that was again a ball that could have gone for four or six, but instead gives Delhi a wicket.
FOUR runs, length on the pads, movement back in but that only helps the batsman, as he tickles it fine for four.
1 leg bye, and he protects the over by following him as he leaves the crease. Off the pad for a leg-bye.
1 leg bye, gives it some air and gets it to dip on Dhawan, who goes down to sweep but doesn't connect. The ball rolls to short third man off the pad.
FOUR runs, that's very delicate, goes through Dhoni's legs as he opens the face, and runs to short third man.
1 run, short ball at middle stump, pulled to deep square.
OUT, slower ball, miscues as he tries to loft it over the off side and sends it soaring into the sky. Gambhir settles under it at cover. End of a top innings.
OUT, shortish, it's slower at 113.1kmph, and that gets in the way of Kishan's timing. Skews it off a bit ofa top-edge and Samson judges a catch to perfection at deep midwicket. Moves slightly back and grabs it reverse-cupped with the floodlights in his line of vision.
1 run, full outside off, skewed away to the sweeper cover for a run.
no run, length outside off, punched straight to point.
no run, full and slanting in from outside off, does not threaten off, the batsman jumps across off and leaves.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven to Maxwell's right at mid-off. He gets the direct hit in and they send it upstairs, but the batsman is safely grounded.
no run, another cutter, 125 kph, on middle and leg, worked to midwicket. Tidy over so far.
no run, carrom ball, the length is on the shorter side, dabbed straight to short third man.
1 run, worked off his hip to deep midwicket.
1 wide, wide down the leg side as he looks to cramp him up.
FOUR runs, Rashid misjudges at deep square and the batsman has fifty! Oh the Sharma experiment nearly works. He's been asked to slow it down, he does, he draws a laboured sweep shot from outside off. It's in the air. Rashid runs in and overdoes it, has to lunge with his left hand in the end and can't even get a finger on it.
SIX runs, length, and he smacks this straight back past the bowler. Doesn't bother keeping this down, and it's a pretty big six!.
1 run, good length and holding in the pitch outside off. Upright drive, thick edge to short third man's left.
1 run, nice and full to the new batsman and the batsman jams it down the ground.
1 run, length outside off, goes back and cuts it towards deep point.
1 run, back of a length, in the channel, but Dhawan rides the bounce well and cracks a single out to that deep point fielder.
no run, full and wide outside off, just past the tramline as he has a chop at this and misses. Not a wide, deems umpire.
no run, slower ball, he edges it as he looks to run this down, but it is slow that it bounces twice before reaching the keeper.
no run, beaten. This was in the slot. Just outside off, shuffled and was close to the line. But swung from too far outside the line. Beaten on the inside edge.
SIX runs, huuuge! Runs down to the pitch, gets close enough and T20s the ball away over midwicket. A big hoick across the line, 95 metres.
OUT, timber. the batsman looks for the big hit over the leg side as Saini pitches short. He is deep in the crease and gives this his all. the bowler, though, has bowled a slower ball, and the batsman only gets a bottom edge onto the stumps.
no run, fuller on the stumps, pushed towards covers, wanted a single but Shaw sends him back.
no run, full and straight, looking for swing, the batsman looks to play to mid-on, gets a leading edge to mid-off.
FOUR runs, fourth boundary in a row! Short on off, but the bowler doesn't have the pace to trouble the batsman. Takes his backfoot deep, and swivels a pull over short fine leg.
OUT, good length on off, and the batsman succumbs! Tries to play the pull, but he's mistimed it to fine leg. Bhuvneshwar the man there. Drama?.
no run, good length and in at off stump, defended into the off side.
no run, tossed up at a length from around the wicket. the batsman leans in and tries to stab through cover, but this hasn't turned enough for him to get the shot away. Down the pitch off the inside half.
2 runs, full outside off, chipped away over cover. Wild cheers from the Rajastahn crowd because they've won this game without any extras in the next three balls.
no run, the batsman reads this googly off the pitch and plays it to the leg side.
1 run, full on off, but he takes a big stride forward across of stump. Shows all three stumps, but manages to sweep it to deep backward square.
SIX runs, a clean swing into the stands! Full, on middle and leg. Suryakumar showed the strength of his wrists in the previous one. Now, he lifts the ball cleanly over mid-on for six. Shot.
1 run, short and wide outside off, laced on the up to sweeper.
1 run, length ball on off, and turning into the batsman's pads. Nudged off his pads to square leg for one.
no run, full slower ball outside off, defended on the front foot.
1 run, leading edge that rolls past mid-off.
no run, stays in the crease and opens the face, gets beaten.
1 run, back of a length on middle stump, tucked away to long leg.
no run, short of a good length, just outside off. Sliding across off stump. Chopped to backward point.
1 run, pumps this firmly! Whew. What bat-speed. But Devdutt cleans up to his left. He got to the pitch of this length ball outside off and drills it past his partner.
1 run, back of a length on middle, and that's been pulled along the carpet. Man in the deep.
no run, length ball on leg, pushed back to the right of the bowler.
OUT, big swing across the line, and a big miscue. Looked like the googly out of the hand, quite a bit of flight on it, and the batsman went for the front-foot hoick over square leg. It was the googly, but it didn't turn as much as expected, just bounced a little extra, and the top-edge swirls high in the air before Raina settles under it at backward point.
no run, tossed up full and wide outside off, some turn away. Pushed into the covers on the front foot.
1 run, wide legbreak, the batsman is looking for the inside-out shot, but gets just the toe-end for a single to long-off.
1 run, mistimes a cut wide of point.
no run, backs away and cuts the short-pitched googly to cover.
OUT, the bowler gets his own back. Game over. RCB are relieved although this didn't even get to threatening proportions, but they have been at the wrong end of this before. the bowler goes full and wide, away from the wheelhouse, and all the batsman manages is a catch to extra cover.
1 run, yorker length at middle stump, jammed down to long-on.
no run, wide on the crease, angles a length ball in, punched to midwicket. Can't find the gap.
1 run, length ball on middle and leg, he punches it to long-on off the back foot.
no run, short of a length, punched to right of Patel at cover. They don't run even though it has gone to Patel's wrong hand.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven into the covers with the turn on that googly.
no run, full outside off, he drives firmly to to cover-point but can't find the gap.
1 run, slower short ball at leg stump, drags a pull to fine leg's left. Ingram with some sliding again.
FOUR runs, steps out, gets outside leg and then lofts this inside-out over cover. Magnificent.
2 runs, short outside off, and carved to the man at deep point. It's a dangerous second run, but the throw from the deep is poor. Time out as well.
FOUR runs, full and angled across, no swing, half volley and clipped nicely through midwicket, times it beautifully and it races to the fence.
1 run, slow turn from length outside off, steered to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, outside edge to third man. Oh boy, the wheels have come off for Lockie, who has been so good for them before this match. Good length ball pushed across the corridor. Gets the front leg away and has a big hoick at that. Third man is in but he wouldn't have had a chance if he was back.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off, and Nabi makes some extra room. Cuts it over point, but there's a sweeper-fielder riding the offisde boundary.
no run, beaten. Good length legbreak, just outside off, and he looks to defend for the angle.
FOUR runs, slashed for four at third man, but he wasn't in control entirely. Back of a length outside off and the batsman clears the front leg again has a go at it, wasn't too far from third man but hit hard enough that he had no chance - either at catching or stopping it.
3 runs, looks for the sweep, the bowler does well to slow it down and beat him in the air, but he gets a bottom edge on the sweep, which fetches him three runs.
no run, good length outside off, defended into the covers.
no run, another inswinging yorker on leg, and driven to long on for a single, but the batsman refuses to run.
1 run, full, on off, driven to long-on for one.
1 run, the reverse paddle to beat Gayle at short third man, just a single though. Didn't get enough bat on it.
1 run, solid punch down the ground to long off for a single.
no run, wide on the crease, wide carrom ball, and the batsman is beaten on the cut. Carey doesn't collect it. Has he dropped him? Not sure if there is an edge.
no run, play and a miss from the batsman. Another juicy full toss outside off, and he tries to clobber a drive through the covers. Misses, and the ball goes through to the keeper.
no run, googly at a length on off stump, defended into the covers.
SIX runs, shot of the night! Ridiculously easy from the batsman. Short of a length ball but he shuffles quickly into the off side and picks this from under his arm and to clear square leg boundary.
1 run, short on middle, and the batsman swivels early to pull. Top-edged, but lands safe. Deep midwicket cleans up.
1 run, a reverse sweep to short third man and they scamper for another single.
1 run, looped up from round the wicket, into the toes, and tucked to the leg side.
FOUR runs, smashed back! Beats Miller, who didn't have more than a few yards to his left at long-off.
1 run, speared wide outside off, squeezed through the off side.
SIX runs, fetched over cow corner! Parthiv is going like a freight train. the bowler aimed this one straighter, but the batsman was expecting it and clubbed confidently up and over the legside field. This is a cracker of a pitch.
1 run, too straight again, nudged down to short fine leg for a run. Nine off the opening over.
no run, length ball, and he plays this back towards the bowler. He could have latched on to this, but then it would have been a really good catch.
no run, play and miss trying to cut a shorter ball angled across.
1 run, back of a length, a bit of a loosener from the bowler, and the batsman rides the bounce to pull. Deep midwicket cleans up.
SIX runs, ramps him fine! Full and in at leg stump. He was already dropping the shoulder and moving into the off side for the ramp. Possibly just anticipating the angle in that the bowler is providing. But this also happens to be full and down leg side so it all adds up beautifully and the ball slams into the sponsor's hoarding.
FOUR runs, bam. Length ball, close to off stump, and he makes a bit more room and shovels it over the covers. Universe Jos, says the replay screen.
1 run, length ball on middle, and angling into leg stump. Mistimes the flick, and it hits his pads before rolling away to point.
1 run, in the blockhole, angling into off stump, driven to long-off.
OUT, got him! the bowler strikes in his first over again, and this time Stoinis holds on at slip. He had dropped Lynn against KKR in the bowler's comeback match. In the corridor and with the late swing, the batsman is tempted into the expansive cover drive, but can only edge it. The ball's travelling but Stoinis does well to hold it with both hands above his head.
FOUR runs, hammers the pull to the square leg boundary. Too short from Moeen, he swivelled back and gave it a thump.
2 runs, wrong'un, too short, pulled between the two deep fielders on the leg side.
no run, slow offcutter outside off, and jagging inwards. Big swing of the bat from Bhuvi, but he can't connect at all. Great disguise from the bowler.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, soft hands are back, and they take a single to cover.
no run, tossed up, outside off, and he goes for the big drive. Bails whipped off, and they go upstairs to check for the stumping! Seems to be ok, as the back leg seems planted inside when Pant effected the stumping. Given not out.
OUT, base of leg stump. This is great stuff by SRH at death. the batsman goes deep into the crease to try to turn a yorker into a half-volley but the bowler sticks to his guns and squeezes this under his bat.
1 run, good length on middle, and zipping straight through. Quicker one this time, and the batsman can only tap it down the ground to mid on.
SIX runs, tipped over the long-on boundary by Gowtham. This was a short-arm jab and the ball flew off the blade. Had he been right at the ropes, this could've been an easier catch.
no run, tossed up wide outside off, beats his reverse sweep. the batsman under pressure to manufacture shots now.
FOUR runs, swatted through midwicket. Short and just outside off, springs onto the front foot and pulls firmly into the turf and well to midwicket's left.
no run, short and wide, slapped away to point.
no run, back of a length, stays away from the the batsman loft down the ground. Draws a dot.
no run, accurate length delivery outside off, middles the defence on the off side.
1 run, overpitched, just outside off, and bunted down the ground to long on.
1 run, the batsman stretches out and pushes a full ball down to wide long-off.
FOUR runs, flies past the keeper! These offcutters are getting some purchase tonight, enough to have the batsman playing a loose shot, the bat reaching in front of his body, the feet going nowhere. A thick edge results, Buttler dives full-length to his right, but he has no chance.
1 wide, short of a length, outside leg, called a wide.
1 run, length, and he looks to run it down to third man. Inside edge takes it to short fine leg, and slow enough for them to go through for a quick single.
1 run, good length at middle stump, clipped to midwicket's left.
1 run, dropped by Rashid! Full outside off, and the batsman slices an uppish drive over cover. Rashid - at deep extra cover - runs across the boundary to try and take the catch, but the ball pops out!.
(no ball) FOUR runs, another full toss, could be a no-ball, it was quite high, gets a thick outside edge that races away to the third-man fence. Free hit.
1 run, short and wide, slapped to sweeper cover.
1 run, back of a length on middle, nearly 145ks, the batsman dares to step down the track and only drags it off the inside half past the right of mid-on.
(no ball) 2 runs, yorker on leg stump, squeezed away towards long-on for a couple but it's a no-ball as there were only three men inside the circle.
1 run, nice and full on the stumps, eases this back past for an easy single.
1 run, short of a length at off stump, mistimed pull out to long-on. Marsh hobbles through to the other end. There's a misfield at long-on, but he can barely jog at the moment.
FOUR runs, legcutter, a touch too full, and Mann goes over extra cover for the second boundary of the over.
2 runs, full on middle, comes down the wicket and drills it down the ground, to long-on's right for a couple.
no run, back of a length outside off, stays leg side of it and shovels it to mid-off.
no run, back of a length outside off, and he tries to cut it late! Almost chops it onto his stumps, clearly deceived by the change up from the bowler. Was too close to his body for that shot anyway.
FOUR runs, good length outside off, and cut away past the fielder at point! Sarfraz backs away to make some extra room, and then simply glances it past the infield.
SIX runs, wow, what a finish, and from who! Down the track once more, and this time he makes himself a bit of room as well. the bowler pulls his length back, and Ishant flat-bats it, middles it, and easily clears the boundary to the right of long-off.
no run, carrom ball, middle and off, ends up just outside off, punched back to him.
1 run, prancing delivery, 142.7ks, jumps from a back of a length, jars the splice, and rolls away to the off side.
1 run, full outside off, driven to mid-off's left for one.
no run, excellent start from the bowler. No looseners. Back of a length again, on middle and off. Defended into the off side.
no run, good length on off, and angling away from the batsman. the batsman, playing his first ball, tries to defend towards cover, but the ball goes past his outside edge. Nice carry to Pant.
2 wide, Sharma backs away far, the bowler tries to follow him but overdoes it for a leg-side wide. Karthik allows a bye too as this bounces in front of him.
to Pant, 1 run, absolutely smashes away as he gets width on a length ball, but he has hit this straight to extra cover. An unnecessary throw from Morgan gives them the single.
1 wide, good length and down leg side, past the attempted flick.
no run, once again some miscommunication between these two, length outside off, turns it towards square leg, Dhawan is charging towards the other end, the batsman sends him. A direct hit and Dhawan would have been gone despite his dive.
FOUR runs, full toss on the pads with fine leg up. Once again the bowler is lucky the batsman is not looking for a six. Just the four.
1 wide, OUT, huge appeal for a stumping. And it all starts with some sexy bowling from Mishy. Tosses it up. Tempting the batsman. Luring him into a big shot over the covers. Bringing him out of his crease and then making him lose his shape thanks to the amount of turn off the pitch. Now all that's left is for Pant to collect the ball and break the stumps and he does it in style.
FOUR runs, wide slower ball, the batsman throws his bat at it, gets a thick edge over short third for four.
no run, length outside off, poked to extra cover on the rise.
1 run, full at middle stump, driven along the ground to long-on.
2 runs, shortish, slanting away into a fifth-stump line, pulls it along the ground to the left of deep midwicket, and they hurry through for two.
no run, nearly a yorker, well outside off, the batsman catches up with it, but only manages to send it back to the bowler.
no run, pacy bouncer on middle, the batsman ducks under it.
nan
1 run, short on middle and leg, is off balance as he pulls but just manages to beat square leg.
1 run, full outside off, fast hands through the ball to carve it away, in the air and on the bounce, to third man. May not have wanted to slice it so fine.
1 run, full on off, and spins away from the batsman. He walks across to the off side and nudges towards midwicket.
no run, short ball slanted across off stump. Cut into the turf, on the bounce to point.
1 run, good length just outside off, shuffles and punches to long-on.
no run, low full toss outside off, mistimed flick straight to midwicket.
1 run, spins into him, and he backs away and cuts to sweeper cover.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and tapped to cover off the back foot. Gets off strike.
no run, length ball, angling in, pushed to leg.
no run, length on middle, swung away to the leg side, but gets a thick inside edge that trickles away to midwicket.
no run, slower ball, outside off, and Nabi tries to go big over covers. Misses.
1 wide, fires this full but way outside off. Given wide.
1 run, slower ball, full, on the toes, dipping, so it is perhaps better to just clip it for one and not look for the big hit.
2 runs, short, angles across him, and he guides this down towards third man. Gets it wide enough to pick up a couple.
1 run, slower one, full on off, sliced away to deep cover.
no run, short of a length, outside off, punched to mid-on.
1 run, drifts this into middle and leg, turned wide of midwicket.
1 run, seemed to hold up a touch on a length, bunted to long-on.
OUT, got him! A thin edge. Sarfraz commits on the front foot to a delivery that falls short of a good length. It holds and spins away marginally as he looks to drive on the up and he can't manage it. Superb bowling to end an extremely important innings in a thin middle order.
no run, squares him up. Shaping away from off stump and then jagging away with bounce off the pitch to beat him as he looks to defend on the back foot.
no run, nicely guided with the angle but he picks out backward point. A short cutter from the bowler.
2 runs, wide full, might be a wide if he doesn't play it, but the batsman drags it to long-on. Takes the second, the throw has overtaken him as he turns around, but the ball is losing pace, and the batsman is gaining it. Easily makes the second.
FOUR runs, short on middle, doesn't get high enough and that's easy pickings for the batsman, as he swivels and pulls it hard in front of square.
no run, stops on him just a touch, the batsman gets a thick inside edge to midwicket.
1 run, down the wicket, the bowler bowls an inswinger, he pushes this to mid-off and charges off for a single that he makes easily despite the direct hit.
1 wide, length ball but down the leg side, and RCB are off the mark.
no run, on a length and skids on outside off, Suryakumar reaches out for the ball but can't touch it.
no run, good length on off, and clipped off his hips to square leg.
no run, length on the pads, tucked away towards squareleg.
1 run, back of a length on middle, hangs back and chips it in the air past the right of midwicket.
no run, beaten. Rolls his fingers on this short of a length ball. the batsman unleashes a vicious cut at that and is well beaten.
1 run, full on off, and the batsman backs away to muscle it towards deep midwicket. Gets off the mark.
SIX runs, the batsman finally joins the party. This is how difficult it is to bowl at the death. Arshdeep misses the yorker by half a foot, but the batsman goes deep in the crease to take it on the half-volley, and hit him over long-on.
SIX runs, a fourth six over long off! the batsman knows where his strength lies. He backs away to put a straight delivery right in his arc, slamming it way over long off.
1 wide, full, drifts away too far outside off. Not bothered with by the batsman.
no run, short, wide slower ball, takes ages to reach the batsman, by which time he's already played a futile air-slash.
no run, length ball, turns away from him, and he shapes to cut, but eventually defends.
no run, slower short ball across the corridor, beaten on the cut.
FOUR runs, shortish, down the leg side, poor ball to bowl with fine leg inside the circle. De Kock swivels and swats it away to the left of the diving fielder.
1 run, fullish on middle, flicked to square leg for one.
1 run, misses out on a juicy short wide delivery again as he can't find the gap between point and cover-point. Gaekwad's misfield gives them a single. It could have easily been 12 off this over.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, cue-ended to long-off for one.
1 run, slower ball wide of off, it deceives the batsman as he swings too early, gets it off the toe to point.
1 run, more pace off the ball, good length outside off, punched to deep cover.
no run, gorgeous on-drive as he fronts a 149 kph delivery and hits it with a lot of class.
1 run, tossed up on middle and leg, worked wide of midwicket.
FOUR runs, uses his feet to get to the pitch of a length ball, and drives this straight past Curran towards long off. Super shot!.
1 run, good length on middle stump, flicked to square leg's right.
no run, back of length outside off, it's punched into the covers.
no run, nudges the length ball to short midwicket.
1 wide, full and past the wide marker. the batsman was backing away to make room and let it go.
SIX runs, launches it down the ground. Half-volley from the bowler. In the slot for the batsman. He winds up and goes big. Straight bat goodness.
OUT, picks out long-on! This is the googly, invitingly tossed up outside off. the batsman goes with the spin, but he only picks out Manish Pandey. Rashid's on a hat-trick.
FOUR runs, CdG too going after everything. Full and wide outside off, a thick outside edge over short third man.
1 run, shorter and outside off, punched through the line for one. After four dots, the batsman finally finds a single.
no run, quicker, on a length, arm ball, beats the batsman who is looking for the turn.
FOUR runs, slams this pull to deep square leg. Neither deep midwicket nor fine leg moved. Ferocious strike.
1 run, overpitched outside off, driven hard but straight to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, flat-batted over long off! Ridiculous from Nabi. Back of a length, wide outside off, but Nabi backs away and muscles an uppish tennis-bat shot for six. Mid-off was inside the circle, so fairly calculated from the Afghanistan allrounder.
no run, short of a length, quick, punched to short midwicket.
1 run, shortish, close to off stump, pulled along the ground to deep square leg.
1 run, the batsman flits around the crease, the bowler bowls a slower cutter on leg stump, dabbed to the leg side.
3 runs, short and angling across off, the batsman throws his bat at the ball and scythes it over backward point.
2 runs, tossed up and bounces on middle, the batsman top-edges a sweep square of Malinga at short fine leg.
1 wide, this angle is not working at all for Jofra. Another length ball fired down leg side.
FOUR runs, that's just power and placement! Pounded through the covers, to bring up the five in a row! Not a lot wrong with the ball, but the shot was poetry.
no run, good length outside off, driven to extra cover.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven sweetly to extra cover's right. He dives and parries it towards mid-off.
1 run, flicks a length ball through square leg.
1 run, full outside off, a thick outside-half dab to third man.
1 run, length, and he plays this towards cover, and they set off. A direct hit would have Shankar gone, but he misses .
1 run, fuller than a good length outside off. Some swing. But it's very well played, soft hands, a dab to point for one.
SIX runs, pulled over cow corner! Short on middle, and Watto is quick to get in position. Swivels, and then smacks this over midwicket. Flat six to end the over.
2 runs, fuller outside off, de Villiers was looking to work it on the leg side, gets an outside edge towards deep point, sprints back for the second.
OUT, he has found the fielder in the deep, who else but Shubman Gill. What a match this has turned out to be all of a sudden. Short ball, pulled away and it went straight to deep midwicket off the batsman's bat.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched back to the bowler on the front foot.
1 run, punched down to long-off.
to Iyer, 1 run, yorker, h can't get under it. Takes a single to long-on.
1 wide, 139 kph, an excellent wide yorker outside off. The ball creeps under the bat. Called a wide, quite harshly.
SIX runs, the batsman punches a six over the bowler's head. Good length ball on off stump or just a shade outside off, the batsman takes a step back and lifts it imperiously with a high elbow.
FOUR runs, just clears mid-off. A languid like off-drive in the air, and he has just cleared Archer there.
1 run, length on off stump, waits on that and jabs into the covers off the front foot.
1 run, fired into the pads, pushed towards long-on.
no run, flatter, faster, and he looks to flick this ball on his pads, but it thuds into the pads before he brings his bat down.
1 run, good length on middle stump, jabbed towards long-on.
2 runs, takes all the pace off and that's why the batsman's heave over midwicket ends up falling short of the boundary. Vijay flicks it back as he runs to his left from midwicket and Nabi collects it to throw it back in.
SIX runs, the bowler can't claim moral victory in this one. Chips down the wicket, not exactly to the pitch of the ball but that only allows his room to swing his arms. And he smacks this clean over his head for another six.
no run, on a length, on off, defended back to him.
1 run, length ball, spins away on off, shuffles across and whips it to midwicket.
FOUR runs, crunched! Just outside off, and that's been cut square. Rides the bounce and slaps this past point to get off the mark.
no run, length ball outside off, stands in his crease and punches it towards mid-off, not the best of the timings.
no run, length on middle, pushed to midwicket.
2 runs, the bowler goes short and wide outside off, seam-up, as Hardik ventures down the track and cracks the ball away to Samson at sweeper cover.
no run, back of a length on middle and leg, punched away to mid-on from the back foot.
1 run, on a length, nips back in from outside off, the batsman opens the face and takes a single.
2 runs, good length and into the pads, flicked to deep square's left.
1 run, on a length, on off, run down to point for one.
1 run, length outside off, off the toe-end to sweeper cover as he looks to cut.
1 run, shorter and skidding into the thigh from around the stumps, punched down to long-on.
no run, back of a length on middle, played back to the bowler.
no run, loopier, full on off, spins away, the batsman gets forward and smothers this legbreak.
FOUR runs, sliced over point. Length on off, he backed away and then used his wrists to hit this where he wanted, superb.
OUT, this time he picks the man out at deep midwicket. Another short ball outside off, the batsman pulls, hits it very well but found Boult, who did superbly well to move low to his right to take this catch. Look of disbelief on his face as he walks off.
FOUR runs, reverse swept past short third man! Nicely tossed up on off, the batsman changes his grip as the bowler delivers and hits it superbly. Well controlled.
1 run, well played, well bowled. Short and wide, a dab to third man for a run.
1 run, full on off stump, and spinning into the batsman. Flicked off his pads to deep midwicket to give Rayudu the strike.
1 run, length on middle, rocks back and pushes it to long-on.
SIX runs, breaks the shackles there, de Villiers! Too full on off and picked up easily over long-off and into the crowd.
no run, given some air and he blocks it back.
1 run, full on off, and turning away from the batsman. Pushed to long off for a walking single.
no run, brilliant yorker, the batsman just keeps it out! He jammed the bat down late.
no run, length ball, and he plays it towards short leg.
1 run, full toss on middle, Hardik swings to the leg side but can't time it to get more than one down to deep squareleg.
no run, good length on middle stump, flicked back at the bowler with the turn.
no run, full, just outside off, driven hard into the pitch, straight of mid-off. De Kock says no to the single.
2 runs, full toss on middle and leg, whipped away between long-on and deep midwicket, the latter gets around it.
1 run, good length and at middle stump, onto the back foot to push through midwicket.
1 run, another offcutter. At a length and across the corridor. Steers it to third man off the front foot.
2 runs, full on leg stump, driven firmly to deep midwicket's left and once again they manage to sneak a second on Jadeja's throw although it may have been a lot closer if the bails had come off one way or another. Khanw as diving.
1 run, wide outside off, drilled to wide long-on for one.
FOUR runs, no one there at fine leg. The first boundary of the night. Full around middle and leg, there may have been some seam movement back in. A thick inside edge flies down to the fine leg fence. The fielder was more towards square leg, flies away.
no run, full on off stump, and he prods forward to block back to the bowler.
1 run, slower full ball, pushed out to sweeper cover.
1 run, length and into middle stump, Shuffles and flicks to deep midwicket's right.
FOUR runs, just over cover and four more. Another very vital the batsman cameo. Back of a length on middle, the batsman clears his front leg and chips the ball over the fielder.
no run, a touch fuller outside off, comes forward to defend, the ball hits the inner half and rolls down the wicket.
2 runs, wide length ball, the batsman puts his wicket on the line to try to bring Karthik back on strike for the start of the next over. He takes the second on the throw, coming in from deep cover. It is a long throw, coming in from the big part of the ground. And the batsman puts in a big dive to make it.
2 runs, slower ball, short of a length, tucked off the hip, and they take two as this ball doesn't cross the 30-yard circle at backward square leg. Using the big side of the field for couples.
1 run, short at off stump, dabbed in front of third man with soft hands.
FOUR runs, nearly a wicket. Short of a length, gets big at him, takes the outside edge and goes wide of the keeper.
no run, on a length, just a touch straighter, pushed to cover this time.
1 run, full on middle, and this time the batsman goes over midwicket. Protection there though.
1 run, slower ball outside off, and the batsman punches it to the mid-on region off the front foot. Team hundred as well.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to mid-on's right.
no run, length ball outside off, pushed to cover-point.
FOUR runs, low full-toss outside off, and the batsman takes a big step back to give himself more room to swing his arms through a flat-bat slap through the covers.
no run, slower ball, outside off, and the batsman cannot get to it. Waited for it, but it never really arrived. Sinks to his knees momentarily, as the bowler completes a good over.
1 run, run out chance missed too full outside off and the batsman drives it powerfully, but straight to extra cover. Sets off for a run and the fielder takes aim and throws, but misses the stumps. No one backing up but they don't take the overthrow because the batsman's momentum took him very far down the bowler's end too. Shreyas Iyer the fielder.
no run, backs away and wanted to send this outside Eden, but swings and misses. Length ball outside off.
1 run, turns this with the spin to long on.
1 run, short of a length, chest high again, worked to leg for a single.
no run, good length outside off, and the batsman gets onto the back foot to caress it towards cover. Firmly hit, but only to the fielder.
no run, good length outside off, and the batsman tries to be cheeky. Backs away and attempts a late cut, but can't beat short third man.
1 run, length, outside off, and he cracks this hard, towards backward point.
1 run, length at off, defended to extra cover's left.
2 runs, low full toss into the front thigh. Mistimed slog to deep square's left.
no run, tossed up on off stump, driven to short cover off the front foot.
SIX runs, length on middle and the batsman nails the slog sweep and clears deep midwicket easily.
1 run, squeezes this low full toss wide of Rohit at cover.
no run, misses the full toss at his leg and might have copped that on his right knee. Just above it, yes. That'll sting. Lost his shape trying to slog that inswinger.
no run, misses out on a leg-stump half-volley. Ends up hitting this straight to midwicket in the circle.
1 wide, yorker, but way too wide outside off. No movement from the batsman, and umpire Erasmus calls it how it is.
1 run, short of a length and flat. Marginal turn in at the hips. Dropped into the leg side with soft hands.
no run, full outside off, and spinning away from him. Defended towards cover.
no run, on a length, outside off, punched to extra cover.
1 run, back of a length on off, but the batsman stays on his crease. Punches it to long on this time.
no run, down the wicket, the bowler pulls the length back, and he hits this straight to mid-off on the bounce.
FOUR runs, edged between keeper and first slip. Short of a length and skidding on low outside off. Looks for the cut and gets an under-edge on that. It wouldn't have carried, but the two slips are staggered and pretty wide.
FOUR runs, reverse ramp! the batsman with some genius of his own! Gets low too early for the ramp over short fine. Bhuvi follows him with a full one across his body and the batsman quickly swivels to go the other way. Uses the angle and gets it over short third.
1 run, slower-ball yorker, 120ks, pretty straight, dug out wide of short fine leg for one.
OUT, is that Mumbai done? the bowler and Iyer embrace! Lovely bowling from the bowler, tossed that up well outside off. Hardik the batsman looks to go for the big slog down the ground but it was wider outside off so he isn't quite in control of that. The ball takes the leading edge and lobs to backward point. Mumbai on the brink of elimination.
no run, length around off and middle, the batsman once again looks to give himself some room, pushes it towards covers.
1 run, wrong'un, starts outside leg, worked to deep square leg for one.
OUT, he's got it! the bowler has sprung out of nowhere and taken a hat-trick! Yorker at off stump, the batsman looks to drill through the off side and completely misses. He has lost his off stump. Delhi Capitals have done an unbelievable job of losing this game.
no run, nice and slow through the air to the new batsman though. Tossed up too. Shreyas ventures forward, tentatively, and gets a leading edge to cover.
1 run, flat and full on middle stump, taps it to long-on off the front foot.
1 run, the batsman does well to hand it straight back to de Villiers as this yorker is good outside off and he digs it out to leg.
OUT, perfect yorker at the base of the leg stump to knock him over. the bowler has bowled excellently here to bring KXIP right back into the contest.
no run, slower-ball bouncer, the batsman has the big wind-up but he can't make any contact. There've been some moments in this innings where the batsman's been out-smarted, but he finds a way to hit back every time.
no run, fuller, wider, and he punches this towards cover, where Manish Pandey is quick to hold on to it.
no run, pacey! Drills this straight on middle stump, and the batsman defends it back to the bowler.
1 run, Dhawan is nearly run out but the overthrow allows them a single. Hit straight to short midwicket, Dhawan is sent back, but Tewatia misses with the throw.
SIX runs, out of the screws too much air again, well wide of off but in his hitting arc for the slog sweep. That was a googly that didn't really turn and the batsman deposits it way over long-on.
1 run, nice loop on the ball, he stays in his crease and punches to deep cover.
1 leg bye, big appeal for lbw, not given. They don't take the review. Fuller length, tailing into him, but he had moved a little bit and though it hit his pads with the batsman missing the punch, it would have gone down leg.
1 run, hit straight to deep point.
FOUR runs, oh no. Poor bowling. the batsman's been putting these away since he was 10. Short and wide. Decent pace on it too - perfect for a square cut that is executed perfectly.
FOUR runs, back away and swats it over the bowler. Goes short again and follows him again. But there is room for him to just get this wide of mid-off now.
1 run, deep in the crease, moving across, but Tyagi stays accurate with the yorker. Just the single to long-on.
1 run, short of length outside off, takes it from there and pulls it towards deep square leg, more like drag than a pull, hardly any timing on it.
1 run, stays short of a length, the batsman gets inside its line, takes a single to leg.
no run, swings and misses at a fuller ball.
1 run, lots of flight outside off, driven away to long-off for a run.
1 run, full on middle, chipped to wide long-on.
OUT, swept straight into his lap! the batsman wants to slog sweep this into the stands, but he can't get the distance in the shot, and Bravo barely has to move at deep square leg. Capitals are losing their way  .
SIX runs, launches it down the ground! That - for once - is beautiful use of the feet. the batsman does'n't leave his crease until the ball is out of the bowler's hands - at which point the bowler has just stand and watch his length ball be turned into a half-volley and thumped down the ground.
no run, and that's another one that has bounced extra. back o fa length outside off, the batsman wanted to flay it through the off side but it goes well over his bat.
no run, big wind-up, the bowler stays short of his swinging arc. And is straight too. Defended back to him.
no run, lovely ball. Length ball shaping away outside off, drawing the bat away from the body before swinging past it.
2 runs, fired full on the stumps, turned towards the man coming in from deep square.
FOUR runs, drilled to long-off's right to get his fifty. Full googly just outside off, gets to the pitch of that and a flat lofted drive. He was looking for four there, not six.
1 run, down the wicket again, the bowler digs it in, punched down to long-on.
1 run, short, not too high, pulled to deep midwicket for one.
2 runs, slaps this short of length delivery, Kuldeep at wide mid-off does well to pull off a sliding stop.
FOUR runs, short of a length, no room, the batsman plays a bit of a late-cut, guiding this wide of point, using the bowler's pace.
2 runs, good length at middle stump, looks to reach out again for the lofted drive and gets a thick inside edge towards deep square.
no run, on a length, drifts in and spins past the outside edge.
no run, slower short ball outside off, backs into the leg side and has a lot of swinging room for this cut. But he finds Pandey at cover point and rues the missed opportunity.
no run, full, but slow and dipping, slight turn away from him. Defended back to the bowler.
1 run, short and sliding in at leg stump. Short-arm pull straight to deep midwicket.
1 run, turns this incoming length delivery towards short midwicket.  This was bowled at 144.7kph .
2 runs, back of a length, wide of off stump, slapped away to the right of deep point.
1 run, some flight down leg, flicked away to deep midwicket.
1 run, full and wide, he square drives through backward point to the sweeper.
1 run, eased to the left of cover.
FOUR runs, oh well played. Goes deep in the crease as this skids into him. Stand tall though and keeps his head still to punch it wide of mid-on off the back foot.
no run, short of a length, backs away and tries to ramp it over and the ball shoots over the bat.
OUT, holes out to long-on. It's that slam-in length again, just short of a good one. Going across the left hander. He's backing away and doesn't have a strong base for this pull. Just catching practice by the end of it, well within the playing area.
FOUR runs, short-arm jab, gets it up and over midwicket. This kept a touch low but the timing was superb. Fetched the pull from outside off.
OUT, tries to cramp him for room, and earns the wicket! Back of a length outside off, but gets big on the batsman. He still tries to muscle it to long on, but off the bat's inside half. Doesn't have the distance and comfortably taken by the man in the deep. the bowler finally manages to remove the batsman.
FOUR runs, carted If Warner doesn't get you, the batsman will. This one is also too short and lacking in pace, and he's able to rock back and pull it to the square leg boundary.
no run, flatter, towards the pads, and he flicks this, but gets it down to short fine leg.
1 run, good length on off, and turning into his pads. Worked towards the deep square-leg fielder.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut to sweeper.
no run, yorker and just outside off, jammed down the pitch off the front foot.
1 run, back of a length, cuts into him,tucked behind square.
1 leg bye, slower offcutter, deflected square on the leg side.
nan
no run, bit of inswing from well outside off, the batsman drives it away to extra cover.
1 run, steps out and blasts this past the bowler's outstretched left hand on the followthrough, long-on was pretty straight.
FOUR runs, smoked through extra cover now! the batsman has exploded in this over. Full toss outside off and he drives it powerfully.
SIX runs, pulls out the helicopter shot to a full ball on leg stump. SIX! Stays deep in his crease, and just hammers it over deep midwicket.
1 run, holes out and long on, but it's a free hit. Full toss on leg stump, and thumped over Fizz's head.
FOUR runs, full outside off and the batsman pierces the off side field with a swat, gets it just wide of mid-off and once it beat him it was always four.
OUT, the off stump has been flattened! the batsman went to wallop this over long-off, swung through early, missed it and heard the death rattle. Cross-seam delivery this from the bowler, landed just a touch ahead of length. the batsman didn't get anywhere close to that. KKR right on the edge.
1 run, full and just outside off, lifted to deep extra cover's left.
FOUR runs, length and angled in, the batsman backs away and goes over extra cover again, one bounce and into the boundary.
1 run, full again, and again too full to go aerial. Driven to deep cover for one.
no run, length-ball offcutter, pushed to mid-off. No single. Off the toe end.
no run, good length and in at middle stump, defended off the back foot.
SIX runs, delightful skip down the pitch to get under the flight as he hammers this over long on. the batsman is in total control.
1 leg bye, good work by KL Rahul, moved swiftly to his left to stop what could've been a four down leg. This deflected off the pad as he looked to step out and whip it square.
OUT, he's given him! Mitch falls over as he tries to flick and is trapped right in front. Consults and reviews. Has that pitched outside leg? Looks like it's pitched in line yes it has! Dead. Right in front of middle. Mumbai are folding quickly now! They have lost their review.
no run, wide length ball, driven hard, but straight to short extra cover.
1 run, lovely dip and turn for the bowler, the batsman does not meet the pitch and squirts a leading edge to the leg side.
no run, another wrong'un, and this time he picks it and defends it off the front foot.
OUT, the off-stump is flattened! the batsman steps out and makes room to carve behind point but is beaten by the length and late movement. Huge scalp.
no run, good length on the fourth-stump line. the batsman tries to pull, but mistimes it to midwicket. Off the bat's toe end.
OUT, full and straight, the batsman is off the cut strip trying to make room. He hits the base of the middle stump.
OUT, run out at the striker's end as Khaleel takes a walk. Good length and just outside off, dabs this to point and literally takes a walk for the most part until he sees point sprinting in at that. It's too late by then and the direct hit has him.
2 runs, short of length outside off, enough room to free the arms, Nabi cuts it towards sweeper cover for a couple.
1 run, full on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
OUT, the batsman's frustrating stay ends. Hard length against a batsman under pressure to hit out almost always works. The bat turns in his hand as he swings hard at it. Lobs it for a catch to midwicket.
1 run, pitched up slightly and he helps it down to long off.
no run, length ball, forces him to defend this back.
no run, sharp bouncer, at his badge, the batsman is ducking and hooking at the same time. Beaten.
1 run, length around off, looks to cut it away but ends up chopping it towards cover-point.
5 wide, five wides! Down leg and the batsman misses a sweep. Karthik misses his collection too, resulting in five wides.
2 runs, tossed up on middle stump, and the batsman flicks this fine down the leg side. Calls early for the two, and they jog back comfortably. Chase for short fine leg.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, drags a pull to deep midwicket.
no run, slows this one down, on off, pushed straight to cover. Just four off and a wicket, and the asking rate is back to 12.3.
1 wide, good length and down leg side, left alone.
no run, short of a length outside off, opens the face to backward point.
no run, short of a length, angling in, pushed straight to midwicket.
2 runs, fullish around off, comes forward and works it to midwicket. Quick running gives them two.
2 runs, good length just outside off, and he mistimes a slog towards deep midwicket. He gets the second because of the poor timing.
no run, slower length ball on off stump, presses forward and defends studiously.
no run, fuller around leg, pushed down the pitch.
FOUR runs, Bang. the batsman has warmed up. A nothing length-ball loosener outside off, and he has smashed it straight of mid-off.
1 run, nipping off the deck and thudding into the splice as the batsman defends uppishly off the back foot.
no run, shaping away from him again, back of a length outside off. And he shoulders arms.
1 run, short of a length to the advancing the batsman. Just the single to point.
no run, quick, middle and leg, turning towards off. Defended solidly.
1 run, length, into the pads, single to deep midwicket.
no run, on a length, outside off, this time the cut goes straight to point.
no run, beaten on the sweep. Good length ball wide outside off and he gave it the full swing.
no run, full on middle and leg, and the batsman tries to drive towards mid on. Takes the leading edge towards mid off instead.
1 run, works this full delivery down to long on.
FOUR runs, to mid-off's left this time. Some sublime batting so far from the batsman. It's a slow pitch and he's just driven Curran on the up, with a big stride, to beat Ashwin.
FOUR runs, late cut. And it's a lovely one. Especially because the ball turns back into the right-hander and nearly ends up over leg stump. Still, the batsman manages to stay beside it, and deftly let it glide off the open face.
1 wide, sharp turn into him again, tries to flick but the ball gets down the leg side.
FOUR runs, classy. the bowler is not short here, but still short of a length. the batsman delays his punch, and beats point to his right and deep cover to his left.
1 run, length outside off, he plays it carefully to short third man, was ready in case it spun in sharply.
1 run, good length and leg stump, shuffles and flicks to deep midwicket.
no run, good length outside off, forced into the covers off the front foot.
nan
1 run, full on middle, and nudged off his toes to square leg. They go for a quick single, and M the bowler nearly gets a direct hit at the batsman's end.
no run, good length at middle stump, shuffles and flicks to midiwicket.
1 run, fuller around off, comes forward and pushes it towards deep backward point, a quick single.
no run, on a length, on-pace, 131ks, on top of off. Defended to short cover.
1 run, dangled up wide of off stump, the batsman stretches out for a sweep to long-on.
1 run, mistimes this lofted hit to long-on. Dragged it from way outside off, toe-ended it.
OUT, Open the gates at Wallajah Road, the bowler's coming! Because the batsman has picked out Bravo at long-off. Was tossed p again, the batsman couldn't hold back. Just looked to belt it but ended up hitting it flat and hard. Good catch.
1 run, full on the pads, clipped away towards squareleg.
no run, big appeal! the bowler snakes a fuller one in to Faf's pads and belts out an appeal, but the umpire shakes his head. And there's no review. It pitched way outside leg.
OUT, length on middle, the batsman gets the length, gets the elevation but not the distance as it hangs in the air for an eternity, the fielder, Lewis, comes running in from deep midwicket, settles under and takes it before tumbling over.
no run, that may be the first bouncer of the over? Another bouncer on middle and leg, the batsman gets underneath that too. Lots of bouncers from RCB.
1 run, sliced into the backward point region. Slower ball wide outside off, got too far under that.
FOUR runs, switches over to a fuller length this time, and Parthiv drills it straight down the ground. Bhuvi tries to get a hand to it, and mid-on dives to his right but to no avail.
1 run, length ball angling into off stump, shuffles across to work it through square leg.
1 run, full outside off, the batsman comes forward slightly tentatively again, gets an outside edge along the ground to short third-man.
no run, steers this tossed up delivery straight to short third man.
FOUR runs, where do you bowl to him? From wide of the crease, this is a yorker just outside off stump, the batsman makes some room and steers it wide of point for four in the gap.
1 run, fetches this sweep from outside off to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, full toss and he steps out to wallop this over mid-off. Clean strike.
1 run, slower ball again, he has to pull out of his big wind-up. Pushed to point where Jadeja concedes an overthrow for a single.
SIX runs, that's a stunning shot. You won't see too many better hits than that. Picks a length ball from outside off and wristily whips it over cow corner. Flat and hard. That's an unbelievable strike.
1 run, sweeps this from well outside off, in the air, and it bounces short of deep midwicket.
no run, short of a length, no room, pushed to cover-point.
FOUR runs, whips it to the left of long leg, where the fielder Varun C isn't quick enough to stop the boundary. And so a good ball - a near-yorker on middle - ends up leaking runs. the batsman batting deep in his crease, expecting the toe-crushers.
no run, short of a length on middle stump, defended off the back foot.
1 run, mis-hits a flatter delivery outside off to long-on.
no run, back of a length outside off, he goes to slash it and doesn't connect.
FOUR runs, shot! the batsman producing a masterclass here. Advances down the ground to a loopy one and splits cover and extra cover with a neat drive.
FOUR runs, very full and outside off, the batsman goes low, drags it from outside off, rolls his wrists, and sweeps it away to the square-leg fence.
1 run, length ball just outside off, pokes it through cover off the front foot.
2 runs, length on the pads, clipped away to fine-leg's right for a couple.
no run, legcutter outside off, steers this straight to point. Good work by Rana at point.
1 run, good length and just outside off, dropped into the covers with soft hands.
1 run, full, angling in, pushed straight of midwicket for one.
2 runs, length ball on the pads, tucked away towards the right of deep midwicket for a couple.
1 run, is that a high full toss? No, umpires seem to think it's fine but that was definitely a no-ball. the batsman can't believe it. Vineet Kulkarni at square leg. the batsman works it away to backward square leg without control.
SIX runs, steps out and flat-bats this into the sightscreen. What confidence, there's something about the batsman's batting that has become eye-catching this season. Terrific followthrough as he hit this straight back over.
OUT, gloved down the leg side, and this game is safe now. Umesh greets his fellow quick Hardus with a bumper first up, and he can only get a glove on it. Parthiv makes ground and tumbles to his left to hold the low, dipping chance, and the bowler is on a hat trick as the Chinnaswamy finds its voice once more.
FOUR runs, between straight-ish extra cover and mid-off. A field set put in place just to stop these kind of shot. He's in some mood today. Stands tall and hammers this length ball on the rise.
1 run, drags down an extremely short ball, flat, into the middle of the pitch and turns away wide of off stump. Reaches out and flat-bats down the ground to long-on.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched on the rise to short extra cover.
FOUR runs, floats this up around the fourth-stump channel and the batsman sweeps with the turn to backward square leg.
no run, the batsman struggling to account for the bounce! Back of a length outside off, another swing and miss.
no run, back of a length, fourth-stump line. Stops on the batsman again. He wanted to punch it through the covers but ends up hitting it to mid-on off the inside half of the bat.
FOUR runs, where did that come from, the batsman? 145.5ks outside off, but it's on a length. the batsman clears his front leg and hoicks it over midwicket. Not middled, but the batsman won't mind it. His strike-rate nudges past 100 now.
1 run, length ball outside off, eased wide of point.
1 run, slower, fuller, played uppishly to the right of the bowler for one.
1 run, good length on leg stump, swept to deep square's right.
1 run, flat googly, mostly just goes with the angle into the pads, clipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, short, backs away and reaches out for a cut to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, lofted over extra cover! Dhoni is furious with his bowler. He's put the sweeper square and the bowler's lobbed this full ball up outside off. the batsman reaches out with a stride and nails the lofted drive into the vacant boundary. Nahiiiii, you could hear. No. And then a big chat with him as he walks to his fielding position.
1 run, a googly outside off, worked to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, scoops the googly on off stump over Lynn at short fine leg.
1 run, short of a length, no room, Yadav manages to cut it in front of point for one.
1 run, tip-and-run single for the batsman, chopping it down close in on the off side.
2 runs, short of a length, backs away and absolutely shovels it, reaches Boult in seconds and he does well to stop it at deep point.
1 run, strays on the pads, doesn't want to offer room. Clipped to deep square leg.
no run, good length on middle, and angling into his pads. Tries to flick square, but hits his pad instead.
FOUR runs, outside edge flies away to the third man boundary. Gowtham does his best to stop it with a full length dive, it'll be a top effort if he has saved it. But it's unlikely  Yep, replays confirm he makes contact with the boundary while flicking the ball back.
1 run, full on off, and pushed to long off for a walking single. Sees another the bowler over out.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to extra cover with the angle.
OUT, Huge mix up! What on earth happened here? the batsman pushed it to cover, he wanted one, Lomror sent him back but the batsman kept running! Shaw swooped, had all the time in the world to throw to the striker's end and the batsman had given up! Shaw hit the stumps direct.
1 run, fuller and angling away from the batsman, the batsman carves it away towards sweeper cover.
SIX runs, lifted over long-on again. Some Chinnaswamy flashbacks? Short of a length arm ball hurries him on the back foot. It's a short-arm pull and it's far enough behind that fielder.
no run, short of a length, slight seam back, hits him on the thigh pad.
no run, down the wicket, fired in, hit on the pad, but it is going down.
1 run, low full toss, he makes room and drives it to deep cover.
SIX runs, steps out and goes straight, clears the ropes. Lovely hit, free swing of the arms and the timing magnificent.
no run, stopped by Raina! The drive to mid off has been stopped by a diving effort.
1 run, on a length, angling in, pushed wide of mid-on for one.
1 run, goes back and across, good reply from the bowler with a yorker outside off near the feet and the batsman drives it bit wide of long on.
1 run, yorker planned, yorker executed. Just the single off. Good way to close out an excellent over.
no run, width and he's square driven this straight to Rayudu at point.
no run, length outside off, comes forward and pushes at it, the ball spins just away to beat the outside edge.
no run, and he steps into a defensive push to point to start, finding the fielder perfectly.
no run, similar line but he pulled his length back a bit, and the batsman only chops it down on the ground.
SIX runs, short on middle and the batsman was camping on the backfoot waiting for the kind of length, and he pulls well in front of square and clears deep midwicket.
1 run, good length and into the pads, clipped through square leg off the back foot.
1 run, mistimes a drive to long off. Three dots and a single, yet 13 came off that over. Mumbai well on track.
no run, flatter on the pads, the batsman pushes it to the right of the bowler and the bowler sprints across quickly.
1 wide, length ball but sliding down the leg side, a wide.
no run, short of a length, slower ball, 128ks, bounces at him, defended to point.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked through square leg off the back foot.
FOUR runs, full cutter outside off, the batsman throws his bat at the ball and slices an outside edge to the left of short third man.
no run, lovely little flick with the angle towards square leg.
1 run, full outside off, leans in and drives to long-off.
SIX runs, lofted over the long-on boundary. Here we go again. the batsman and the straight boundary. Full and floated away from him, but he brings an angled bat down and drags it the other way, towards long-on. Half a stride only. It's all about the head position.
OUT, out goes middle stump! Washington sprints into the leg side and takes a leap in celebration. Good length at off stump, spinning in towards him. In the batsman's defence, this is there for the sweep that he's attempted. But he's not got low enough for it. From the position he's in, he's probably better going with the slog sweep from under the ball. What he ends up doing is swiping above it and he's disappointed.
no run, length outside off, bounce and movement away, de Villiers has another tentative poke and is beaten again.
1 run, another slower one outside off, 110.7ks, flat-batted away to long-off.
1 run, length ball outside off, stays back and punches it towards covers.
1 run, right into the blockhole, squeezed wide of cover.
no run, a touch fuller outside off this time, mistimes the punch towards extra cover.
SIX runs, down on one knee, and away she goes! High over backward square, just high enough to lob over the flaying fielder.
1 run, a legbreak on middle and leg, worked away with the spin to deep square leg for one.
1 run, worked into the covers to hand over the strike.
1 run, full and wide outside off, extends the arms and drives to long-off's left.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, flicked straight to deep backward square.
1 run, cut away to the sweeper.
OUT, double strike. Rashid gets the batsman. A long struggle comes to an end. Legbreak, middle and leg, turns in, beats the inside edge as he drives, and deflects off the pads onto the wicket.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and he cuts this fine to third man. Just a single, though.
1 run, length on middle stump, tapped to mid-on.
no run, slower offcutter, wobbles away outside off, beats the outside edge.
1 run, just short of third man. Short and in the corridor. Stays leg side of it and looks to steer that past slip. Nearly lifts that to the fielder.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, smeared past the bowler to long-on.
2 runs, full, outside off, driven square for two.
SIX runs, clears deep square! Full and into the pads. Gets low and sweeps with purpose. Not with great timing, but enough to lift that over the fielder.
no run, the bat breaks as he defends. Calls for a few spare ones from the dugout.
2 runs, fired full on middle and leg, worked into the gap at deep square leg.
1 run, just clears mid-off! Almost one too many. Full ball just outside off, pushes onto the front foot to try and loft again, this time in the off side. The handle turns in his hand and it's over Rahul's right shoulder before landing safely.
no run, overpitched just outside off, driven on the bounce to extra cover.
no run, short of a length, pretty straight, defended.
1 run, touch fuller, at middle and leg, pushed towards mid-on who is deep enough to allow the single apart from the wide a very good opening over.
no run, yorker at leg stump, looks to jam that out, inside edge to short fine.
no run, 79ks, tossed up and spins back in sharply with extra bounce. Cramps the batsman for room. Awkwardly fended off to the leg side.
SIX runs, very full and veering into the pads, the batsman picks it up, twirls his wrists and lifts it over midwicket. He exploits the short leg-side boundary, again.
1 run, length outside off, the batsman was pushing at it, the ball takes the shoulder of the bat and goes towards third man.
1 run, slower ball, way outside off, and he swings this around to deep midwicket. Probably would have been called wide, had he left it alone.
1 run, good length outside off, nudged out to third man on the rise.
1 run, full on middle stump, and slight outswing first up. Driven down the ground to mid on for a quick single.
no run, slower ball, on off stump, and he mistimes a cut towards short cover, right where Rohit Sharma has stationed himself.
no run, darted in a little quicker to finish, and the batsman is content to just keep this one out.
FOUR runs, clean strike, one bounce to the long off boundary. Made room and lofted through the line. Mid off was up, decided to clear him and did so superbly.
1 leg bye, slower ball, down the leg side, concedes a leg-bye.
2 runs, back of a length on the stumps, pulled to midwicket off the under-edge.
FOUR runs, horrid ball, fine leg inside the circle, full-toss on leg stump, glanced away fine of short fine leg.
OUT, he has chipped one to short cover. On a length, the batsman looks to push to cover, but the ball doesn't quite come on to the bat, and he ends up offering a catch to short cover. Plays in front of his body, and the bat face slices open in his hands. Big wicket. Early signs that the pitch might be slow.
OUT, superb stuff! the bowler spears a fuller delivery at 140 kph int leg stump. the batsman makes room to launch it over the off side, but it's a mis-hit and it's an easy catch at long-off.
no run, full and wide outside off, the batsman reaches out with his hands but misses.
2 runs, short of a length just outside off. Steers it to short third man who fires at the stumps and gives a second run at deep midwicket.
1 run, full on leg stump. the batsman shimmies down the wicket and drives it down to long on.
no run, 140 kph, on a length, looking for the top of off. Pushed to mid-on.
1 run, firm push to long-off for a single.
no run, short and wide outside off, beaten on the cut.
1 wide, very wide of off stump, but angled across the batsman.
1 run, slower ball, but wide outside off. Mistimes his cut to the off side, but has enough time to take the single.
1 run, short outside off, works the pace to run it down to third man.
no run, wide length ball, pushed to point.
no run, length into the body, extra bounce there for the bowler, reared onto the batsman, who fended it awkwardly. Looks in some sort of pain there the batsman, the physio is out to attend to him. Struck on the forearm, it appears.
1 wide, full slower ball, spins down leg side. Left alone.
no run, drifts in and gets some fizz off the delivery from length on middle, defended back.
1 wide, loopy, but outside off stump. the batsman is happy to let it go for more extras.
no run, short of a length and following him down leg as he backs away to try and drive over the infield. Beaten.
no run, slower short ball outside off, has a huge swing at that and is beaten. You could hear the swish of the air as he went after that.
1 wide, wide down the leg side, and he has missed out on easy boundary. He tried, though, but couldn't catch up with it.
1 wide, pitches well outside off, tuns away further for a wide.
1 wide, Hardik shuffles across off and throws the bowler off his line. Sprayed down leg, leg-side wide.
2 runs, overpitched on off, driven to deep cover's right for a couple.
nan
1 run, offbreak, tight line, pushed down to long-on for one.
1 run, good length on leg stump, nudged to deep square off the back foot.
1 run, fullish, angling into off stump, the batsman pushes it to mid-on off the front foot, and denies the bowler a maiden.
1 run, full, really full, can't get under it. Hit hard, but along the ground. Gets a single to deep square.
SIX runs, Parthiv forays down the track, meets a back-of-a-length ball on middle stump and hoists it over mid-on for another boundary. Into the CSK dugout. Vijay takes evasive action.
OUT, oh well taken Pattinson. More backpeddling stuff from Mumbai. Curran brings out the ramp, connects on it too, but Pattinson has kept his eyes on it running backwards before smashing the ball into his chest. The perfect T20 cameo from Curran - 18 off 6 is total value - ends with CSK in sight of a win.
1 run, plays a short-arm jab towards deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, at him, dropped to leg for one.
1 run, this one comes in with the arm and the batsman helps it to leg off the back foot.
1 run, full on off stump, leans in and drives to long-off.
no run, chops into the turf as the bowler brings another one in off a good length. He was looking to cut but there was no room.
1 run, full outside off, driven along the ground to long-off.
1 run, slow in the air, outside off, swept along the ground to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, short ball on off stump, pulled to deep midwicket.
no run, tossed up, and he drives and gets the inner edge, as it runs towards fine leg. Not far from the leg stump.
no run, yorker length outside off, driven off the toe-end to mid-off.
no run, short of a length, quick, 141ks, the batsman playsa an uncharacteristic slog, is beaten on the bottom edge of the bat.
no run, takes it away from him and spins away, and that's got to be a wide. the batsman was expecting the call, which is why he let it go. But not called by the umpire.
no run, full, wide outside off and turning further away. the batsman goes for an expansive drive, but misses.
1 run, slower on middle, goes for the slog sweep, gets a thick inside edge to deep midwicket.
no run, lucky to get away with this! Too short and wide outside off, the batsman reaches out and slaps this straight to cover point.
FOUR runs, shortens his length, the batsman quickly transfers his weight back and slaps this through midwicket.
no run, short of a length, outside off, and he is hit on the splice too. The bottom hand comes off as he pushes. This is bowled at 151ks.
FOUR runs, the batsman won't mind that sighter. Gentle length ball on the pads. He plays the pick-up over square leg. Shaw must be wondering why he didn't get this.
1 run, full outside off, outside-edged down to third man for one.
FOUR runs, a slower offcutter outside off and the batsman nails that too. Smashed through cover for four. Bludgeoned almost.
1 run, gets on top of a shortish delivery and whips it to midwicket.
1 run, full, into the pads, clipped off the toes.
1 run, short and wide outside off, hammered to sweeper cover off the back foot.
FOUR runs, length ball, wide outside off, and the legbreak is cut away to the deep point boundary! Loose ball, gets the treatment it deserved.
1 run, the bowler goes round-arm, almost like Jadhav, full, on off, drilled to long-off.
1 run, length outside off, looks to force that on the up. It trickles to mid-on off the inside half.
1 run, along the floor to long-on. Full on middle stump, attempted slog down to the fielder there with no danger.
no run, shuffles across, then backs away, Khaleel bowls the slower, and he hits it straight to mid-off.
OUT, short of a length, quick, and the batsman finds deep midwicket who is a few yards off the fence. Seems slightly early into it. Off the toe end it goes.
1 run, back of a length on middle, but takes the pace off it. Tiptoes, opens his bat's face, and then runs it down to third man.
SIX runs, clears long-off off the toe-end! Bouncer just outside off, backs away and looks to go over the leg side. He's cramped and gets it right off the bottom but it clears the fielder easily.
1 run, good length and at middle stump, patted to mid-off off the back foot.
no run, short, and he comes forward and looks to slash this away, and it lands just short of the man at point.
no run, and Tyagi comes back well, doing the batsman in as he backs away early. He slips in a wide yorker outside off.
FOUR runs, carved over his head. the bowler misses on the yorker again. It's a low full toss just outside off. the batsman is crouching in wait and when it shows up in his arc, just swishes from inside the line. That was all about timing and placement.
no run, nearly a third boundary as he opens the face but can't beat short third man.
no run, good length at off stump, defended into the off side off the back foot.
2 runs, lovely shot. Wrists and forearms. Short of a length, no room to swing his arms, but he punches it nicely past midwicket. Another West Indian, Narine, gives it a slow chase but this time they stay with two.
1 run, pushed through quicker on middle and leg, tucked wide of midwicke.
2 runs, driven on the up into the gap at sweeper cover, Chahar cuts this off as he comes around.
1 run, top edge! Lands to short third man's left. He's teasing the batsman here. Loopy length ball spinning away from off. He's backing into the leg side and swinging for midwicket.
1 run, the flat delivery outside off, pulled to deep midwicket for a single.
1 run, a high full toss and Klaasen almost pulls of a stunner, at cover. Flung himself to his right, got his hand to it when the ball had already passed him but he fails to latch on to.
no run, short of a length and turning into leg stump, whipped to midwicket off the back foot.
no run, short ball in the corridor. Gets steep and he lets that go.
FOUR runs, too short and too wide outside off, too much room and the batsman won't miss out on that. Cuts it to the point fence with power and precision. Did that hamstring hurting play a part in the bowler bowling a poor ball?.
no run, short, outside off, and he punches this towards cover.
1 wide, short and wide outside off, well past the marker, off-side wide.
2 runs, nice timing. On the pads and flicked away nonchalantly into the gap at midwicket for two.
SIX runs, sweeps it with some power against the turn, Billings throws himself to his right with a giant leap at deep midwicket and just misses it.
1 wide, starts around middle, seams down leg, and the batsman thinks of the glance for four, but it goes down too far out of reach.
1 run, the batsman shows his cards. Sees one on a length, and goes through the line. The mis-hit clears mid-on.
1 wide, OUT, stumped! Down the leg side. It was full on leg stump, and the batsman came charging down the wicket. The ball angles down leg, and Buttler's excellent behind the stumps. Quick to remove the bails, CHG has to go!.
1 run, slashes on the bounce to third man. Had width, really went after that one.
1 run, short of a length, stump to stump, worked to leg for one.
1 run, aaand again, the bowler keeps it full and on the stumps, and he shows the full face to pick up another single to long-on.
2 runs, full on middle stump, driven inside-out, uppishly to long-off's right.
1 run, given some more air and pitched fuller, the batsman was clearing his front leg, but it hurried on to him. Bunted to midwicket.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 run, short, and wide, and he drives this towards sweeper cover.
OUT, another googly and Rashid has another lbw. the batsman has reviewed it. Length ball outside off, the batsman comes forward and looks to play around his pad, misses and his struck in front of the middle. Replays show it would have gone on to clip the top of leg. Once again umpire's call and that's the end of the batsman.
1 run, full and outside off, laced down to long-on.
no run, wide of the crease, short and slanting into the body of the batsman, carefully fended to the leg side off the back foot.
1 run, on the pads, whittled to backward square.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, walks into it and runs it down to third man.
1 run, shorter leg break, he cuts to deep point.
1 run, slices the shortish delivery outside off to the sweeper.
1 run, length ball on off, and straightening after pitching. Tries to work it towards midwicket, but leading edge makes the ball fly to point instead.
2 runs, good fielding by Prasidh at the long-on boundary. Quick yorker, but dealt with very well, clearing his front leg and almost helicoptering it straight down the ground. Prasidh slides and saves.
1 run, gets on top of the bounce and tucks this towards square leg.
SIX runs, goes to his fifty with a superb slog-sweep. Skimmer. Flat six. Wide long-on. Hits the triangles on the full. Taken off a length from outside off.
FOUR runs, blitzed! Too full, a half-volley that Faf will put away 99% of the times. Crunched through extra cover. Couldn't have asked for an easier ball for his first runs.
1 run, yorker, on off, dug out to backward point for one.
no run, 141kph, back of a length at off stump, defended towards mid-off.
2 runs, seam up, length, and he skips down the wicket and plays it away towards deep midwicket. Placed well enough to pick up two.
SIX runs, slightly fuller than the short-of-a-length he has been bowling, and the batsman lofts him on the up, back over his head, for a dismissive six.
no run, fullish length outside off, gets forward and pats it down the pitch to the bowler.
2 runs, pitched up with some room and the batsman has cleverly driven that square, almost beating the fielder. De Grandhomme runs across to his left behind square and slides to just keep the ball in. The third umpire is checking and looks fine.
1 run, squeezes the drive wide of cover for an easy single.
no run, googly, good length and outside off. Blocked on the front foot.
OUT, typical the bowler wicket. Bouncer, hits the pitch hard and gets the ball up above the right shoulder of the batsman. He's working against that height and the angle away from him, and all he manages is a top edge that balloons high before settling in Quinton de Kock's gloves.
1 wide, full outside off, and angling further away. the batsman's happy to shoulder his arms and collect the extra run.
1 wide, short ball, and will be called wide as it goes high over his head.
1 run, angles this full delivery into the base of leg stump to cramp the batsman, who works this to deep midwicket.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked uppishly to deep square.
no run, length ball on the stumps, goes for the slog sweep but doesn't middle it, the ball dribbles towards short fine leg.
nan
SIX runs, whooped into the second tier! What a connection. And yet another fifty for the batsman! Dropped short at a middle stump line. the batsman sets up with the front leg compressed and heaves from under this. It goes so high and about 90 metres back in the square leg direction. Bang off the middle of the bat.
no run, beaten. Good length and skidding past the outside edge as he opens the face too soon.
1 run, full on middle, he drives firmly to long on.
no run, length ball on middle, and tapped off the back foot the bowler.
SIX runs, into the terraces! De Villiers rocks back to slam a long-hop powerfully over wide midwicket. And that also brings up the fifty partnership.
1 run, good length, coming into him, pushed into the offside for a quick single.
1 run, back of a length and homing in on off, the batsman clips it away to the leg side for one more.
3 runs, short of a length outside off, walks into the off side and forces that between cover and extra cover. Bit of relay work at the boundary between Chahar and Pollard.
1 leg bye, beats him with his lack of pace - it's only 108 kph - and it offers no hitting room. the batsman, even after clearing the front leg, isn't able to get bat to it, playing a flick shot and instead finding runs at third man.
OUT, and he has hit a full toss straight to deep square leg. They are checking it for height, but I feel it is always dipping on de Villiers. He is given so make it four de Villiers wickets for the bowler in eight. Looks like a juicy full toss, but it dips down on him in the last third of its journey, and he ends up mis-hitting straight down the lap of deep square leg.
1 run, diving stop at mid-off and a crucial one from Iyer. Length ball in the corridor and it was nicely punched past extra cover.
1 run, good length on middle stump, DK stays on the back foot. Punches it down the ground to long on.
no run, slower ball to the batsman again outside off. he's got a one-track strategy of clearing front leg and going hard - either legside or offside. Ball beats bat that time.
1 run, length, spinning in, waits for it before punching it down to long-on.
no run, flat length ball, slides on with the angle to beat the inside edge of the batsman's forward defensive. Sliding down leg, so no real lbw appeal.
SIX runs, the batsman creates all the momentum and timing with his charge down the wicket. And even though the bowler has slowed this down to 127ks, he times it perfectly for a six over long-on. Turns this into a length ball with his charged down the wicket.
1 run, good length and floating away towards off stump. Punched to long-on off the front foot.
no run, good length on middle and leg, and the batsman makes further room on the leg side to punch it straight down the ground. the bowler gets his body behind it, and saves the single.
OUT, finds deep midwicket. Short and just outside off. There in his pulling arc, but he's got no elevation on it.Dips into Rahane's lap.
no run, beats the inside edge. 128kph, short of a good length and coming back into the corridor. the batsman was pushing on the back foot for the one angled across him.
1 run, shot and wide outside off, he reaches out and tucks it over point.
1 run, full and into leg stump, clipped through midwicket with soft hands.
no run, fuller on off, driven to cover.
2 runs, good length and just outside off. the batsman runs down at it and almost forces himself into opening the face and getting this square. As it turns out, third man is in. Two runs to Jofra's right.
1 leg bye, Pandya skips down the track, the bowler slips in a quicker delivery, hits the pad, but is going down leg.
FOUR runs, oh what a shot! Short of a length slider outside off. He shuffles and punches it wide of mid-on off the back foot. Deep midwicket sprints to his left and puts in a dive. Gets a hand on it but is not able to arrest his momentum. Pushes it into the boundary at long-on.
1 run, short, quick and the batsman gets an awful connection on his attempted pull. But in the end, that's what saves him as the ball cannot even reach long on.
1 run, short and just outside off, opens the face and runs it to third man.
1 run, shuffles across to a fuller one and pierces short cover diving forward with a smooth drive.
1 run, overpitched outside off, drilled straight to long-off.
1 run, full on leg, turned away to deep backward square leg.
1 run, dropped. Think he took one return catch last match. Sundar, I think. But here he has dropped one. Surya toe-ends this back at him, not too hard, but his hands don't go at same trajectory as the ball. Doesn't even get a touch on it.
2 runs, full ball, and he pushes it wide of long off, and will pick up two easily.
no run, another one! Full outside off, and turning away from Hardik. Looks to drive, but misses. Ball whizzes past his outside edge again.
1 run, offcutter at a length outside off, punched on the up to sweeper cover.
OUT, he might have missed out on the lbw earlier, but gets his man now. Wide on the crease, wide length ball, the batsman looks for another six down the ground, but the extra bounce means he holes out to long-off.
1 run, back of a length on off, backs away and stabs to cover. the batsman stutters and eventually takes the single.
1 run, length ball on middle, and turns against the left-hander. He closes the bat's face and works it away to the leg side.
FOUR runs, length ball angling across the batsman, the batsman was looking to swing it over midwicket, gets an outside edge the flies towards third man.
1 run, short of a length, middle and leg, worked to leg for one.
2 runs, length ball around off, punched towards sweeper cover off the back foot, hares back for the second.
no run, slower ball at a length, wide outside off. Looks to slap it on the up and gets an under-edge towards point.
1 run, good length and into the pads, 128kph, flicked to deep square.
no run, flighted offbreak outside off, driven hard and square, but straight to point. The pressure has to be building up.
no run, wide yorker, ruled inside the wide line by the umpire. I thought it was slightly too wide, especially because Mann hadn't moved across.
1 run, short and just outside off, defended off the back foot.
no run, short of a good length, just outside off, tapped into the covers.
1 run, a googly down leg, worked down to short fine leg for a quick single.
no run, works this flatter length ball to midwicket.
1 run, arm ball. Pushed through flat and the batsman has no clue about this. Looking to punch through cover, gets an inside edge to fine leg.
1 leg bye, big appeal from Dinesh Karthik! Back of a length around middle and leg, Sarfraz looks to reverse-paddle the ball, the ball hits Sarfraz a little high also, on the front thigh. KKR don't review.
1 run, length at middle stump, punched to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, low full-toss outside off, bunted down to the right of long-off. the batsman looks for the second. But Pollard is too quick for him.
1 run, tapped down in front of point, who can't quite stop the single.
SIX runs, floated full and outside off, the batsman goes for the loft. Instead he slices it, but that's enough to clear the boundary at the Chinnaswamy. Up and over the long-off boundary.
1 run, down the wicket again, pushed to mid-off for for a single.
2 runs, flatter ball, and it turns away from the batsman. Tries to punch it towards cover, but comes off the bat's inside edge. It trickles down to midwicket, and the batsman returns for two.
no run, the bowler slips in a googly, turns in just a touch, Rohit smothers it with a forward defence back to the bowler.
1 run, length ball, that he works around the corner towards short fine leg.
no run, big swing, but gets an inside edge back to Rashid.
no run, yorker nailed at an off stump line. QDK has to bring his bat down quickly to keep this out.
1 run, yorker, nails it, just the single.
1 leg bye, over the wicket, back of a length, takes the pad into the off side.
no run, full-pace delivery, back of a length and outside off. Zips past the edge as Axar looks to dab to third man.
no run, beaten on the outside edge This length ball seams away despite a wobbly seam.
1 run, carrom ball, short of a length, outside off, cut away to deep point.
1 wide, angles it full and wide, the batsman can't reach out. Wide called, however. Bhuvi is frustrated at that call, asks the umpire furiously why he called it a wide. Correct call, I have to say.
no run, full on middle stump, driven back to the bowler off the toe-end.
1 run, on a length, quick, angling in, pushed to leg for one.
OUT, a wicket at last! Tossed up, and the batsman looks to go big over midwicket. Takes the leading edge and pops up, and Umesh Yadav takes a superb diving catch after running in from point. the batsman gets a huge ovation as he walks off.
1 run, the batsman has given up. He makes room to hit this straight to Rashid at mid-off, and goes off for the single. He is gone if Rashid hits, but he misses.
1 wide, wiiiild! Full toss, very wide outside off stump, and the ball takes an awkward bounce just in front of Buttler. The keeper does well, stopping the ball from going for extras.
1 wide, yorker down leg side to start off, left alone.
no run, fullish length on middle and leg, pushed back.
no run, into the pads, beats the inside edge, hits the pad. Another dot.
FOUR runs, lofted over the bowler's head, one bounce into the ropes. Clean strike down the ground.
SIX runs, short ball, and he swings this around, for six!.
no run, slower ball again, back of a length outside off. the batsman goes for the pull but only gets an under-edge that bounces to the keeper.
2 runs, dropped. Short outside off, the batsman drags a pull to midwicket, where Dhawan times his jump fairly well and gets both hands to it, over his head, but fails to hold on.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, punched to cover.
1 wide, misses his line completely. Slower ball, but short and outside leg stump, the batsman tries to whip this fine behind leg but can't get bat to ball.
no run, straightens a length ball on middle and leg, worked to midwicket.
1 wide, looks for a flatter ball down the leg side, but misses his mark. Will be called a wide.
no run, good length and in at off stump. Nails the timing on this drive on the rise, on the bounce to extra cover.
no run, well bowled. Length ball in the corridor beats the inside edge as Parthiv opens the face for the square drive.
no run, full on middle, and he takes a big stride forward to block. Ball rolls back to the bowler.
1 wide, length and down the leg side, called wide but the batsman might feel he missed a boundary opportunity.
FOUR runs, length, and he has lofted this towards deep midwicket. Uses his feet to get down to the ball and picking it up on the half-volley.
no run, length and just outside off, onto the back foot and punches straight to extra cover.
no run, length around off, comes forward and punches it firmly but straight to mid-off.
FOUR runs, nicely done. Short of a length ball rising up in the corridor. Waits for it to arrive and opens the face to run it past the keeper.
1 run, length outside off, backs away a little and guides it to third-man. Tentative stroke again but managed to get it wide enough of the only slip in place.
FOUR runs, too short and the batsman rocks back to pull through midwicket and ends an eventful over with a boundary.
FOUR runs, good length outside off, and cut away furiously past the two infielders. No one's there in the deep, and that's the team hundred!.
FOUR runs, lucky runs but intent often good tends to do that. He looks to pull this cross-seam short ball at around off, and gets a bottom edge past de Kock for four.
1 run, back of a length, and now he looks to cramp him with a middle-and-leg line. Stays leg-side of the ball and chops it down to short third man.
no run, goes for a full ball, and the batsman moves across to the off side. No wide given! the batsman tries a sweep, but misses.
no run, full and wide, the batsman reaches out for a drive that's intercepted by Billings diving to his left at point.
SIX runs, the batsman welcomes AJ the bowler, the purple cap holder, with a straight six. Pitched up on middle, right in his swinging arc, lifted over the bowler's head.
1 run, full outside off, drives firmly square through point excellent work in the deep to keep that to a single.
1 run, full toss, driven down the ground for a single.
FOUR runs, lobs it over square leg off the inside half. Length ball coming in and rising up. He swishes across the line and gets it into the boundary.
no run, in the air and short of mid-on. the bowler bowls this full and the batsman flicked early to slice it in the air. Mid-on dives forward but it just drops short.
FOUR runs, another short ball, doesn't bounce that much and Mayank puts this one away too. In the same gap on the leg side, four more.
nan
FOUR runs, full on the pads with a wide slip in position, poor bowling and easy pickings for the batsman to his favourite leg side. Races away to the squareleg fence.
OUT, Quick fizzer from the bowler, bounces, and the bowler has the batsman top-edging a catch to short third man. Speared at 103.6ks outside off, rushes the batsman into a slog-sweep. the batsman skews it to Sarfraz Khan.
1 run, short of a length, gets big on him, dropped into the leg side for one.
no run, back of a length on off stump, punched to mid-off.
1 run, heaves a full toss out to deep midwicket, superb fielding from Jadeje.
1 run, full outside off, and tapped with soft hands to point. Slight hesitation, but they scamper across for the single eventually.
no run, the googly on middle, chopped to cover.
OUT, taken at long-off. 150.4kph. Short and rising outside off. Backs into the leg side and looks for the horizontal bat shot. Slices it up for Iyer, who had gone back after the last ball. Runs in and takes it easily.
1 run, OUT, collision and run out! Rashid Khan is on the floor. It was a cutter, flicked into the leg side. To deep midwicket. They wanted two, they were both ball watching. Sharma had run to the side that would be around the wicket for the right handed bowler to him. Rashid was on the same path at the other end. They were, essentially, headed for each other and in the moment, with the ball-watching, had no idea where the other person was. Sharma was on his feet, and he ran through, so he's the one dismissed.
OUT, and Nabi snares another left-hander. Length ball on the stumps, the batsman, feeling the pressure of three dot balls, goes for the slog sweep but ends up hitting it towards Vijay Shankar at deep midwicket who completes a regulation catch jogging to his left.
1 run, slower ball outside off, gets on his toes and punches it to deep cover.
nan
SIX runs, dug in short and outside off, the batsman shuffles across off, and unleashes a pull. Sails over the fine leg fielder.
FOUR runs, the batsman provides an exclamation mark on this performance with a delightful drive over extra cover to finish it all off. And then he looks at someone (I don't know whom) and gestures, Am I all right?. You are more than all right sir. You are more than fine. You are exceptional.
1 wide, too much flight, too wide outside off with the turn and it's a wide.
1 run, good length and just outside off, nicely forward to defend to mid-off's left.
1 run, slower ball, really full, driven down to long-off for one.
OUT, it's all over! Mumbai are eliminated from IPL 2018. A slower ball outside off from Harshal and the batsman just chips a catch to long-on. Boult takes the catch. Glum, glum faces in the Mumbai dugout as their campaign ends in the final hurdle before the playoffs.
1 run, drives, gets a thick edge again that rolls to Unadkat at short third man.
FOUR runs, short and angling down, the batsman helps this down to beat short fine leg. Too easy. Not an ideal start from the bowler.
OUT, good length on the stumps, the batsman moves across and wants to flick it, but his timing's been awry all innings and he only lobs it up in the air. Deep midwicket takes a few steps in and gobbles the ball to end the batsman's laboured stay.
1 run, a nice slower ball on middle, a knuckle ball. Chipped to long-on for a run. Should have been two there.
OUT, Umesh strikes! A thick inside edge into off stump. A low full toss outside off, the batsman is clearly harried for pace. He looks to drive the ball but he is very late on the shot, a thick inside edge hits off stump and RCB have some relief. A job extremely well done from the batsman. He is the only player with two fifties off 17 balls or lesser in IPL.
1 run, arrowed into the pads, whipped off the back foot through midwicket.
1 run, fuller length, pushed to the bowler's right for a quick single.
no run, short outside off, Dhawan goes for the cut again but can't beat point, who dives to his right to save four.
1 run, bouncer at leg stump. Gets under it and slices uppishly towards deep square.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to sweeper cover off the back foot.
1 run, slider, on a length, into the pads, pushed down to long-on.
no run, short of length around off, comes forward and pushes it towards the bowler.
SIX runs, yeah, don't bother. Googly, tossed right up. There's gap between bat and pad, but it doesn't matter when you have the batsman's reach. Lofts it easily to clear the straight boundary.
1 run, good length, angling across, pushed towards point and they take a quick single. the batsman had to scramble to make his ground after being a little late to respond to Rana's call.
no run, some shape away again, but too full and the batsman plays a pleasing cover drive, but can't go past the fielder.
no run, thick edge again, but to short third man. Legbreak from wide of the crease around the wicket. Cramps him as he cuts.
no run, follows him with a bouncer, and he ducks it.
OUT, noise on that, and he might be out down leg side. He's walking off as the umpires convene to check if that carried to Rahul. It's a cutter, dropped short and headed for the hips. He looks to tickle it down and it dies on Rahul who gets forward and under that to lap it up. As replays confirm. It came off the glove of Patel inside edge.
1 wide, legcutter, good length and down leg side. Beaten on the whip.
1 run, pushed to deep cover for one.
FOUR runs, finishes with a boundary. A domineering win finished with an imperious shot. Short of a length in the corridor and he gets behind it to swat it over midwicket.
FOUR runs, slog-swept! The googly outside off, but it doesn't matter because the batsman opts for a cross-batted stroke. A hard sweep past midwicket's right.
no run, looked like he rolled his fingers over that one, on length around off and the batsman finds Umesh at cover.
1 run, short of a length, around off, whipped to deep midwicket for one.
2 runs, sweet drive through point, leaning on his front leg, getting close to the good length ball outside off and treating it exactly as he would in a Test match.
no run, it's flat and quick outside off, pushed to mid-off, not much power or timing with that.
SIX runs, one slower ball too many. the batsman is now lining him up for slower ones. This is pitched on a length, and he lofts him over long-on.
1 run, yorker at middle stump, jammed into the covers.
1 run, full on middle, tapped down to long-on.
2 runs, good length on off, and turning away from Dhawan. He punches it away from his body, but finds the man at deep extra cover.
1 run, back of a length outside off, the batsman finds short third man. Only because there is a misfield, there is one.
no run, good length and holds its line on off, stretches out and pushes it back to the bowler.
1 run, he's early run out! Why is Harbhajan out there?! Calls for a run he can't make and is not even stretching to make the striker's end. the batsman anxiously dabs another length ball to square leg and the fielder can't hit the stumps.
no run, flat, quick, appeal for lbw as he is trapped on the crease. This is the googly so it is difficult for it to have pitched on and gone on to hit.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, steered to square third man for one.
1 run, back to yorker, smashed to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, shot! This one was short and came with a bit too much width. the batsman jumps and flays an upper cut over backward point.
1 run, the bowler stays away from the batsman's swinging arc. Short ball, wide, and hit hard down to long-on.
FOUR runs, back of a length and outside off, slaps it through point. No boundaries for four overs and suddenly two in the space of three balls.
OUT, that's the game then. Dipping slower yorker at 126ks, and it squeezes under the batsman's swing to dislodge the off stump.
1 run, cuts a length ball away towards backward point.
1 run, legcutter, on a length, around off, the batsman plays with soft hands and the edge goes wide of Rahul and falls shor too. He does get a glove to it to make sure this doesn't go for four.
1 run, slower through the air on off stump, the batsman waits for the ball to come on, then shovels it with the bottom hand to wide long-on for one more.
1 run, good length and ripping into middle stump. Onto the back foot and he hurriedly punches to long-off.
OUT, chipped back to the bowler! It's a legbreak, around middle, extracts some turn. the batsman stays in the crease, looks to drive the ball to long-off, but he's not in a great position. Because of the turn, all he can do is hit a leaden-footed poke back to the bowler.
no run, driven on the up as the bowler stays back of a length. Dot to mid-off.
1 run, full on middle stump, sweetly timed drive to long-on.
1 run, slightly overpitched and outside off, the batsman stretches out, gets close to the pitch and drives but Uthappa makes a tumbling save to his left at short extra cover.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut on the bounce to sweeper cover.
1 run, offcutter, short at middle stump. On is toes and closes the face to tuck this to deep square.
no run, full and straight, punched to mid-on.
no run, full on off, Rohit drives straight to mid-on.
no run, slower ball, skids away rapidly off the pitch as the batsman it rooted to the crease chasing this with his hands. Doesn't get close to connection.
SIX runs, muscled over long on! Quick ball, full on leg, but he clears his front leg to lift a shot over the boundary. Royals need 44 off 18.
no run, shortens his length, slants it across, bunted from the crease towards point.
1 run, good length and angled into middle stump, pushed to midwicket's right off the inside half.
1 run, looks for the big slog to a length ball but ends up hitting it along the ground to deep midwicket.
2 runs, length slower ball, he pulls powerfully again but only gets two this time as he didn't time this as well to the long boundary.
1 run, short of a length at leg stump, tickled to short fine off the back foot.
1 wide, short ball down leg side. He looks to tickle it fine. the bowler appeals. Umpire says wide. No review.
1 run, length ball around off, stays in the crease and punches it towards long-on.
2 runs, well done Mohit. Sprints to his left at deep mdiwicket and stops it on the bounce to his left going for the catch. A slog sweep from the batsman, picked up from outside off stump.
no run, quicker, flatter and closer to off, defends off the back foot this time.
5 runs, a slower offcutter around leg, the batsman goes through the shot, but it takes the glove towards Buttler. He throws directly at the bowler's end, the ball ricochets away. Stokes runs around and lets the ball go through his legs. That's very sloppy.
no run, dropped at short midwicket. Big dive to the left from Rohit. Managed to get two hands on it too but couldn't keep it in the grasp as he went to floor. Short ball was pulled firmly and low to his left.
1 run, pretty straight and coming into the batsman, he defends to leg for one.
1 run, a little bit of width on offer and the batsman makes full use of it, dabbing the ball to third man.
no run, full on middle-off, and swinging away oh-so-slightly. He tentatively pushes forward to block once again.
1 run, good length and skidding onto middle stump. Steps out and drives to long-on.
2 runs, low full toss at middle stump, laboured thwack to long-on's right.
FOUR runs, he's batting like a dream. the batsman's determined to see RCB home tonight, and he backs away to this fuller one and chips it over mid-off with the full face of the bat.
no run, slower ball, short of a length outside off. Goes back to try and carve it through point again but this rolls through low.
no run, good bounce again, on a good length and angling across the left-hander, bounces above his bat again, with Parthiv trying to steer it away.
no run, half an appeal for lbw as he nails a yorker at off stump. Kane got the front leg across as he jammed this into the off side. Might have been and then toe.
no run, inside edge onto pad as he looks to blaze a full ball through the covers.
no run, back of a length and attacking the stumps, hangs back and bunts it down to mid-on.
1 run, skiddy length ball on off stump, dabbed behind square on the off side.
1 run, shorter this time, cut to deep cover for one.
nan
1 run, runs this behind square for one.
SIX runs, Uthappa drops the catch, parries it over the boundary, and costs KKR six runs. Back of a length and outside off, the batsman flat-bats it to the right of long-on. Uthappa moves swiftly to his right but lets the ball burst through his hands. Brings up a fine fifty.
no run, full outside off, pushed to cover.
no run, back of a length on middle stump, and the batsman's pull comes off his bat's shoulder. Surprised by the pace.
1 run, full on middle, swept to fine leg.
no run, this length ball nips back in from outside off, defended back.
no run, starts with a dot ball, length ball on middle and leg, the batsman can only tuck it towards Kohli at short midwicket.
1 run, fullish at just under 135ks this time, flicked over the midwicket region.
1 run, dropped short at leg stump, sweet punch off the back foot to deep midwicket.
1 run, length ball, straight at the batsman, who punches this down to long on.
2 runs, full and at the stumps, mistimed slog to long-on's right.
1 wide, oh close call on the wide. Length ball slanted across him, left alone. It was close to the line. the bowler wasn't pleased with the call.
1 wide, full and very wide outside off, left alone.
4 byes, would you believe it? Quinton de Kock has let the ball go for four byes! The South African has let this go through. Back of a length, on off, and QdK can't hold on despite the batsman missing the cut. Oh dear. CSK need 9 off the final over.
1 leg bye, back of a length, and this one nips back into the batsman from a middle-and-leg line with extra bounce. Hurriedly looks to whip it away into the leg side and misses, the ball hits him on the hip.
1 run, short on middle, punched down to long-on.
1 run, a slower delivery outside off, flat-batted away to long-on.
1 run, short at middle stump, looks to pull but is completely late on it. Lobbed over the bowler's head off the sticker part of the bat.
no run, good length outside off, defended to point.
1 run, slider, length ball outside off and zipping through. Tries to flat-bat this over long on, but doesn't find the connection. On the bounce to the fielder in the deep.
3 runs, just clears mid-off who sprints backwards and whips the ball in as he tumbles over the boundary. Chahar is the man. Short ball just outside off and climbing up. He lofts it with an angled bat.
FOUR runs, swatted away! Wow, incredible. It's a rising length ball at off stump and he closes the face and chips it over square leg.
1 run, flat outside off, worked to long-on for a single.
1 run, short of length on off, Dhawan drops it gently into the off side for a quick single.
SIX runs, clears deep midwicket. Short ball across the corridor. Might have been a slower one too. He waited on that and put the weight into his pull very late despite being on his toes. Expertly lifted.
SIX runs, oof, that's the one he's been waiting for! On the back foot, battered into the stands! It just looked tenderised as it left the blade!.
SIX runs, full toss! It's a full toss and that's basically a giant birthday cake for the batsman. He yells thank you and digs in with a pull shot over deep midwicket.
1 run, leading edge, squirts down to square third man. the batsman looked to work this full delivery to the leg side but didn't account for the late away movement.
1 run, back of a length outside off, worked to midwicket. Very cleverly done.
FOUR runs, low full toss outside off, and he's edged it between the keeper and a fine short third man. It was a yorker just outside off, but the batsman manages to find some bat on it. He'll take it. CSK'll take it.
1 run, turns this length ball to square leg to get off the mark.
1 run, full and just outside off, looks to drive firmly into the leg side. Gets it off the thick inside edge to long-on.
1 run, shorter in length, flatter, and straighter, and he goes back to punch this towards long on.
1 run, works this length ball into the midwicket region.
1 wide, wide down the leg side, but there is a flick as this passes the bat. Nobody else is excited about it. Apart from me, that is.
1 run, delays the delivery with a pause in his run-up. Not that that is the reason, but for a change the Surya inside-out chip goes to long-off instead of extra cover.
1 run, full on middle, driven to long-off now.
no run, full and shaping away outside off, squirted to the leg side.
no run, shorter on off, no room, blocked to the leg side off the back foot.
1 run, pitched up, on off, driven to long-off for one.
SIX runs, phew. the batsman seems like that innings the other day hasn't yet ended. The first legal delivery he faces, and he belts a back-of-a-length ball over long-on for a six. From well outside off.
no run, back of a length on off, and spinning away from the batsman. Tries to defend, but the ball sneaks just past his outside edge.
1 run, length and angled into the pads, flicked with the angle to deep square.
no run, short again, outside off, punched into the covers off the back foot but can't find the gap.
1 run, full, outside off, driven hard to long-on for one.
1 run, Dhawan runs down the track and mows one away to deep square leg. Not middled.
FOUR runs, and now he goes mid-on. Smith is looking to attack and he takes on that field. Gueeses this will be short, so he makes room and short-arm pulls him over mid-on.
no run, shapes to pull but this length delivery keeps low to hit him on the right thigh.
no run, short and just outside off, cut straight to point.
1 run, straight long-off saves them three. That is a position people have for the batsman. This is a low full toss outside off and he sends it whistling past the bowler.
FOUR runs, that's a poor ball. Good length down leg, worked away easily through backward square leg for four. the bowler is not happy with that finish, his fault though.
2 runs, sitter dropped by Shreyas Gopal at fine leg that was a quick one that hurried on to the batsman, who could only paddle it straight up in the air. It was going straight to Gopal, who fluffed it.
1 run, length, on off stump, and he punches this down to long off.
no run, back of a length on off stump, punched back towards mid-off.
OUT, and the bowler has killed this game too soon. Oh what a killjoy. But also what joy to watch him bowl. Quick length ball, nips back off the seam, but he has also done the batsman for the pace. Middle stump gone for a walk. This is just too good.
1 run, good length at off stump, gets low and sweeps to deep square.
OUT, another slower short ball, and this time he can't manufacture either the power or the placement he wants with the front-foot pull, and scoops a catch to deep midwicket.
no run, quicker, on a length, turning in, defended.
no run, googly. Length ball outside off. Blocked solidly on the front foot.
no run, appeal for stumping. Big turn for Pandya to square the batsman up. His back leg rises but has he brought it back down in time? Looks like it yes, a toe and he's safe. This ball gripped and spun past the bat as he looked to play the flick.
no run, length on the pads, clipped to midwicket.
no run, turns this length ball from outside off to midwicket.
2 runs, good length and into leg stump, shuffles and flicks to fine leg.
no run, steps out but gets yorked nearly as this tails in a long way. AB was more than halfway down the pitch when he was sent back but Buttler doesn't pick up the ball cleanly. Run-out chance missed.
1 run, length on off stump, dropped into the covers with soft hands.
1 run, slower legcutter, 110ks, kicks at him. Rohit throws his head back and runs this to third man for one.
FOUR runs, low full toss on the toes. What else can a new batsman ask for? Seems like a yorker gone wrong, but the batsman is not complaining. Clipped away through midwicket.
1 run, good length, wide outside off. Slapped off the back foot to Shaw at cover, whose diving effort saves a boundary.
FOUR runs, overpitched outside off and driven crisply through the covers for another four.
SIX runs, oh that sounded so sweet! Whew! A bouner up at the throat and following him down leg side. He has nailed this pull. Flies over deep midwicket.
no run, he drives the flighted ball on off stump back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, mistimed but past mid-on. Short one gets big on him and his pull shot is bouncing to the right of mid-on, and once again Rahul's dive there won't help.
no run, pulled to deep square's right and they won't run. Short ball at the ribs, doesn't get all of this with the pull.
1 run, full on off, pushed to long-off.
no run, shorter length, he tried to pull but was hit in the stomach as it stayed a touch lower than expected.
1 run, pushes at this length ball and it takes the inside edge to square leg.
1 run, short of a length in the corridor, allows it to come on and guides towards third man off the face of the bat.
FOUR runs, misfielded at short cover as this one bounces awkwardly off a practice pitch. Short of a length, and he goes back to punch  this only for Boult to let it through.
no run, length ball, just outside off, and cut off the back foot to point.
1 run, back of a length on middle stump, worked away to the left of fine leg.
OUT, gets him! the bowler, calm, calculated. Doesn't even celebrate the wicket beyond just pumping his fist. Length ball, dipping at an off stump line. the batsman steps out, is beaten in flight, and loses his shape this time. Spins past his edge and he's stumped.
no run, another dot, the bowler bending his back on a 137km/h bouncer that lifts rapidly past the batsman's attempted pull shot, thudding into de Kock's gloves.
1 run, good length on middle, some turn away. Punched to long-on.
1 run, back of a length close to off stump, lets it come and guides it down to the left of short third man.
1 run, starts off with a fullish one that curves into his pads, and the batsman tucks it away through square leg.
no run, another dot as the bowler stays short of a length. Pushed back to him.
FOUR runs, shot. Super shot. Wrong'un, turning towards leg stump, and he's a big man but he's so quick on his feet here. Opens up at the hips, drops down onto his back knee, and sweep-pulls, with a roll of his wrists on top of the bounce, to send it running away to the left of short fine leg.
1 run, back of a length, slower offcutter nipping in towards the thigh pad. Tucked away to fine leg.
1 run, slower ball at a length on leg stump, flicked to fine leg.
no run, full outside off, but spins sharply into the batsman. Blocked off the back foot with the bat's open face. Excellent over from Rashid.
OUT, knocks over leg stump! Sensational bowling from the bowler. After sowing doubts with big turning legbreaks, he sends down the flipper. Very quick, a shade short, on leg stump, tempting the batsman to back away and cut and beating him for pace. So the bowler is not just turning the ball off the pitch, but skid on too.
1 run, length outside off, pushed to deep point on this occasion.
1 run, drifting into leg, he clips this through midwicket.
(no ball), back of a length outside off, dabbed to backward point with an open face.
no run, good length at middle stump, defended down the pitch.
no run, arches back to ramp this over the keeper but beaten by the effort ball. Climbed sharply.
1 run, good length and lobbed outside off. Dropped into the covers with soft hands.
no run, shapes away late. This is much fuller and starts off from middle, KW is squared up a touch as he defends.
1 run, length ball, worked towards deep midwicket for a single.
2 runs, full and angling into the pads, picked up and fluently whipped to deep midwicket.
no run, a brilliant yorker, this time well outside off, the batsman was once again trying to stay leg side of the ball, cannot put bat to the ball in the end.
1 run, length around off, stays deep and plays it towards long-on with a straight bat.
2 runs, slower length ball, comes down the track and pulls it towards deep midwicket, Curran puts in the chase from wide long-on and pulls it inside.
FOUR runs, too full and outside off, Suryakumar brings out a little helicopter and whips to the right of long-on for back-to-back boundaries.
no run, down the track but bowled well by the bowler, short of length outside off, the batsman thrusts his bat and pad at it.
2 runs, length and turning in at leg stump. Gets low and caresses this to deep midwicket's left with a closed face.
no run, full on off, down the wicket comes the batsman and drills it to mid-off. Perhaps got too close to it with the use of the feet.
1 run, walks at the bowler and taps a back of a length delivery to long-on.
OUT, got him, huge wicket. Another slower cutter, aiming at middle stump. the batsman gets on the front foot for another big hit, plays slightly across it - looking to go over midwicket rather than long-on - and ends up playing early, creating a big gap for the ball to barge through.
1 run, wide outside off, and he cuts it away towards short third man, taking the top edge as he looks to drive it.
no run, good length outside off, punched to extra cover off the back foot.
no run, good length and in at off stump, pushes it down the pitch from the crease. Tentative again.
1 wide, short of a length, looking to cramp him up, but slides too far down leg.
no run, short of a length, outside off, doesn't quite come on, ends up punching this in front of square.
1 run, perfect yorker, keeps it to one as de Villiers squeezes it out to long-on.
1 run, full on leg stump, and the leg-side slog finds the inside edge again. Through to fine leg.
no run, slider outside off, beats him on the cut.
no run, short of length delivery that shapes away from off, Surya is on top of the bounce as he defends.
no run, yorker on off stump, dug back out to the bowler.
1 run, short of a length and onto the hips, uses the angle and glances to to deep square's left.
1 leg bye, a yorker at 137 kph on the pads, one leg bye down to fine leg. Pitched outside leg stump.
FOUR runs, full toss wide outside off, slices it over point with ease.
OUT, knocked him over as the leg stump goes cartwheeling! Perfect yorker, taling back in and through Deepak the batsman.
1 run, full on off stump, and that's been thumped down the ground to long off.
2 runs, short at leg stump, tickled to short fine's left off the back foot.
1 run, short outside off, pushed to deep cover.
no run, short on the pads but he gets away with it as the pull finds square leg.
FOUR runs, a short ball just outside off. the batsman onto the front foot to pummel this to deep midwicket's left with a flat bat.
1 run, short and wide outside off, mistimed cut to extra cover.
FOUR runs, makes room and cuts the short ball away to the cover boundary. Super shot. Plenty of bottom hand power.
no run, full on leg stump, pushed back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, good length on middle stump, and Hardik flicks it fine with the ball going down the leg side. Short fine leg is too square!.
SIX runs, shuffles wide on the crease, and unlike Pollard meeting yorkers early, he stays back in the crease to create a half-volley out of a full ball. And he has lofted him back over his head.
OUT, leading edge and taken by the keeper! It was a full toss but slower ball that dipped appreciably, Suryakumar had his hands way in front of the body there and was early into the flick that had earned him a couple of sixes and a four, but he was deceived comprehensively on that occasion as it went high up in the air and the keeper took it with ease.
1 run, full outside off, tapped down to third man off the open face.
1 wide, another bouncer, gives him the width, the batsman throws his bat it, and is beaten. Called wide.
FOUR runs, the pace on the ball has been his friend so far. Now the batsman turns it into his foe. Quickish length ball pitching just outside off, and that's fast hands to reverse-paddle it between keeper and short third man.
no run, good length and just outside off, tapped on the rise to cover point.
FOUR runs, hello! Karun the batsman with an outrageous reverse pick-up from outside leg stump. Full and fired down leg side. He skips quickly into stance and taps this over backward point.
1 run, length on middle, flicked to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, that is amazing! the bowler misses the yorker by a few inches and as a result it ends up as a bit of a half-volley on middle stump. Moeen waits in his crease, that bat high in the air, ready to swoop down on the offering, and he flicks it with such ridiculous power that is sails over square leg. All in the wrists! Plenty in the wrists!.
FOUR runs, flighted, outside off, and Moeen stretches and drives this gracefully through covers. Gets it wide enough to beat Dre Russ at the long off fence.
1 run, length outside off, opens the face, runs it to third man.
1 run, full on middle stump. the batsman goes back and pushes it to mid on. Enough time to take another single.
FOUR runs, short of length outside off, some room there as well, the batsman has punched it past point for a boundary.
SIX runs, just clears deep backward square leg. Not in control of this hook at all, Tewatia settles himself under the top edge, but he is not tall enough for this.
1 run, was that too high? Deemed to be fine by the umpire but very close to being a no-ball. A high full toss, nudged towards short midwicket off the inside part as it doesn't come on.
1 run, length at middle stump, tapped off the toe-end to long-on.
no run, full on off, and the batsman chops it onto his toes! Ouch. It was almost a yorker, and the batsman inside-edges his cover drive.
1 leg bye, a full and quick delivery down leg, the batsman is hurried for pace as he misses a flick, struck on the pad.
FOUR runs, clears the front leg and laces the length ball on middle stump over extra cover. Amazing shot.
no run, shorter and outside off, swatted through the line to cover.
2 runs, width offered outside off, and the batsman cuts this square past point. Man in the deep has to jog across to his left and intercept.
no run, overpitched, on off, and struck straight back to the bowler. He bends to intercept on his followthrough.
1 wide, bouncer, outside leg, called a wide.
1 run, nudged softly into the leg side, and there's room for a single.
OUT, short of length outside off, Parthiv looks to go over extra cover, flat-bats it but mistimes and hence cannot clear Watson at extra cover, who pedals back a bit and takes it comfortably.
1 run, fuller again, on the stumps, bowled at 97 kph though. Parthiv goes back but gets his bat down in time, pushed towards long-on.
1 run, gets across the stumps and whips this length ball to deep midwicket.
no run, sharp. the bowler has got wheels tonight. Dhawan skips down the track, and the bowler tells him nosireebob, not against me. Dhawan has to get out of the way of this bouncer.
2 runs, a slower ball on middle and leg, helped along to the square leg boundary. Fine leg gets across.
OUT, oh that is a stunner from the bowler! Unplayable. Simply stunning. He said pre-match about how he's been chewing Dale Steyn's ear off in training. Well this is one way to pay tribute to Steyn. It's a very similar initial line - at middle stump - as the last few balls. But the seam is upright and this shapes towards off stump, very late in it's path. Lands on the seam and keeps going away and climbs past the batsman's angled bat to hit the top of off. Actually scratch that, the bat is straight enough, he was looking to defend it. Dream delivery.
SIX runs, lovely shot. This has been the trick of the bowler and Chahal. When under the pump, they bowl loopy slow wide legbreaks, and batsmen fall for it. the batsman, though, much like Surya did to Chahal the other day, goes over extra cover instead of down the ground, and gets six for it.
no run, full and on off, played back to the bowler.
OUT, Has the batsman nicked off? The finger goes up and the batsman walks off. the bowler ventures wide of the crease, angles a length ball into the batsman and then gets it to straighten away. the batsman has a flat-footed waft and feathers it behind to Kishan.
FOUR runs, full and into the pads. Allows it on and tickles it fine, using Bishnoi's pace. Cottrell gives chase and drags it in, but was in contact with the boundary padding as he did so.
1 run, pulls the length back a little, dropped into the covers.
FOUR runs, pulls out the reverse sweep, and he finds the boundary with third man up in the circle. The line of this ball merits the shot - outside off. No threat to the stumps.
2 runs, delicate late cut to a fullish ball. Patel hasn't bowl quick so he gets just the two for this.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, he fends it down for a single.
no run, tries the reverse ramp to a length ball outside off. Beaten.
FOUR runs, outside edge flies for four! Length ball outside off, the batsman goes really hard at it, wanted to go over extra cover, but it takes the edge and goes to third man.
no run, solid forward defence to a length ball angling away.
1 run, a slower short delivery on middle, pulled to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, delightful! Length on off, Vijay packs a punch as he lofts this over long-on. Tremendous power.
no run, loud appeal from the bowler as the batsman misses the sweep but it was going down leg.
1 run, on a length and swerves away outside off as opposed to turning in, the batsman reaches out for the ball with his hands and carves a single to deep point.
no run, legbreak at 94km/h, and it's pressed defensively to cover.
1 run, short of a length, into the pads, worked to deep square for one.
1 run, back of a length outside off, jabbed to the left of backward point.
FOUR runs, full, outisde off, and he drives this towards long off. Russell gets to it, but cannot stop it.
1 run, short of a length, good bounce, the batsman runs this down straight to short third man, where a fumble gives them a single.
to Saha, 2 runs, good length, into the pads at 140.8kph. Chipped on the rise to long-on's right.
FOUR runs, shot! the batsman with the reminder he's still around. Slower ball dropped short outside off. He swivels and reverse-swats this over short third man!.
no run, wrong'un, on a length, into the pads, pushed to short midwicket.
2 runs, crunched to sweeper cover, lazy effort in the deep by Tiwary. Looped in a throw, they came back for the second easily.
FOUR runs, cheeky. Short ball, no room, extra bouncer, and the batsman steers it between the keeper and short third man. Doesn't bother with keeping it down.
SIX runs, helicoptered into the top tier this is some finish by Mumbai. Yorker on the stumps and Hardik goes deep in his crease and pulls out the helicopter, giving Dhoni a great view behind the stumps, and smashes it over cow corner.
no run, length on middle, punched to extra cover off the backfoot.
1 wide, wide outside off, and the batsman goes for a reverse sweep, but misses. Should have been wide anyway, though the bowler contests the decision.
FOUR runs, full and wide outside off, and the batsman's showing his class tonight. Slaps this off the front foot, and drills it to the extra-cover boundary.
OUT, what a delivery! A brute from the bowler. Shortish, pushes him right back and then gets it to rip away off the deck to square up the batsman who gets an outside edge to Suresh Raina who snaffles a sharp catch at first slip with the ball rushing onto him.
1 run, loopier legbreak outside off, the batsman collapses his back leg and drives inside-out to wide long-off.
no run, length ball outside off, Parthiv was looking to shuffle around in the crease but in the ends cuts it towards cover-point.
1 run, yorker gone wrong, but it is still a straight low full toss. Hit hard but straight to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, good length on middle, shuffles across and deflects it to fine leg.
no run, Chipped just over the bowler in his follow through! Length on middle, the batsman turned the face too early and the ball held in the surface a little, resulting in a leading edge that lobbed up just over the bowler.
OUT, soft dismissal! Good length outside off, and swinging away from the batsman. He tries to muscle this over the infield, but takes the top edge. Shakib - at cover - takes a few steps back and completes the catch from near his face. Bhuvi's knuckleball earns him a wicket.
1 run, full and straight, Kishan can't get under it, drives it along the ground to long-on for one.
1 run, beaten in pace as he steps out. It's a knuckle ball from the bowler that stops on him and he's forced to fend into the covers off the outside half.
no run, length ball pushed through just outside off, defended solidly on the front foot.
FOUR runs, Such fast hands from the batsman. Tossed outside off, the batsman stretches out and reverse-sweeps it through point. He made it look as easy as eating a sandwich.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, steered down to third man.
FOUR runs, looks like the carrom ball, but is too short, and the batsman just sits back and pulls this wide of long-on for four.
no run, short at off stump, defended down the pitch.
no run, short outside off, and the batsman goes chasing after it. Tried to slap it over third man, but can't get bat to ball.
2 runs, that's sloppy. Short and wide outside off, carved away to deep cover for a couple. A misfield from Harshal allows two.
no run, wide length ball, 134ks, angles away and beats him.
no run, slower bouncer, beats him. the bowler doing just what is required.
1 wide, slips down leg. The length is right - another yorker - but the line goes just a tiny bit wrong.
1 run, googly and he had no clue about it. Jabbed at it last moment and it takes the inside edge to short fine leg.
no run, a wicket-maiden after that 30-run over. On a length, around off, angles away. Defended to off.
OUT, Gowtham takes the catch and sends the batsman off. 21 off 7, that's three runs a ball. Job done from the batsman. But that's the length to bowl to the batsman. Another short delivery outside off, the batsman backs away and mis-times a pull. He was clearly rushed for pace there, and all he could do was splice the pull to cover.
2 runs, fullish, angled in at middle and leg and straightening, the batsman drills off the inside of the bat to backward square leg.
1 run, good length at middle stump, nudged to midwicket from the crease.
no run, length on off stump, defended from the crease.
1 run, back of a length on off, and some gentle turn, the batsman punches to mid-off.
2 runs, short, wide, the batsman reaches out to hit this wide of long-off where a Pollard dive keeps them to two.
1 run, slower ball outside off, holds in the surface again, the batsman goes hard at it but only manages to chop it away towards point for one.
no run, flatter on middle, he defends on the front foot.
1 run, full on off, and driven away to cover. the batsman wants the single, and Gowtham has a shy at the stumps . but misses.
no run, length on off, punched straight to cover without any timing.
FOUR runs, short around the hip, helped it along fine and that's a boundary to finish the bowler's spell.
FOUR runs, too full, driven through the covers yet again from the batsman and that's gone past a diving mid off for four. the batsman showing his authority.
2 runs, short, gets up to chest height, angling into the batsman's body. Pulled through backward square leg.
no run, short of a length and cutting away outside off, left alone.
OUT, got him! Knuckle ball, long boundaries, and the batsman's attempted big hit skews high in the air off the outside half of the bat, and Mayank Agarwal settles nicely under it right on the edge of the long-off boundary. Would have been a mishit six in a lot of other grounds in the IPL.
1 run, a low full toss on the pads, clipped to deep square leg.
no run, short and slow, doesn't come on at all as the batsman looks to pull it away.
1 run, misses his length as he goes for a yorker, hammers this straight to long off.
no run, length at off stump, looks to punch at it, it doesn't come on. Stays on the pitch.
1 run, the batsman plays this flat delivery past short fine for one.
1 run, length just outside off, punched firmly to mid-off and just manages to make his ground at the other end as Royals get another direct-hit in.
1 run, yorker, and he digs this out towards extra cover.
1 run, goes for the yorker, ends up with a low full toss, drilled to long-on for one.
no run, good length and just outside off, shuffles and tries to flick, cops it on the thigh guard. 143.2kph.
1 run, drives a length ball towards extra cover.
no run, slower through the air, drifting in, skids through, angles in, hits the pad.
no run, quick length ball, driven on the up, the mid-off is wide to field this.
no run, full, nearly a yorker, dug out towards mid-on, but the bowler dives to his right and fields it clean.
(no ball), 100.9ks dart, fizzes off the pitch, beats the inside edge and hits the back pad. Might have headed past leg stump. Front-foot no-ball from the bowler. He's feeling the pressure.
no run, full, on off, and defended away from his body to cover.
OUT, GONE THIS TIME! Sharp, short ball in response, and the batsman looks to swing this away, but nicks it on the way through to Patel. Catches a bit of glove, and Patel takes a good catch away to his left.
no run, length and just outside off, punched to mid-off on the rise.
no run, dropped short and down leg side, pulled to short fine.
nan
SIX runs, lofted over the long-on boundary! Good length and pushed across the corridor. Stays still in the crease after the trigger movement and launches this against the angle and on the up, with the full face offered.
OUT, taken behind! the bowler, golden duck earlier today, gets a wicket off his first ball. Short of a length, cross seam, in the corridor. Wants to cut behind square and is cramped on it a touch. Gets a thick edge to Pant's left and it is held. the bowler is punching just about anything he can find - the air, his own palm. Get out of the way. He is pumped.
OUT, falls to the pull once again! Wide outside off, but short. And that sends the batsman chasing after it. Top-edges it, and Goswami runs towards square-leg to complete the catch. the bowler does the 'Run D World' dance.
1 run, full and outside off, he drills it to long-on.
no run, shortens his length this time, the batsman stands tall and punches to point.
no run, full ball, and he digs it out, and the bowler is first to get to it. Has a shy at the stumps, but not close enough.
FOUR runs, whipped superbly. Beats deep square leg. Lovely wrist work. Just a touch short from the bowler, the batsman used the depth of the crease superbly to put that away.
1 run, fuller on off, tapped to long-on.
no run, shapes to cut a quicker delivery outside off and hits it to point.
2 runs, good length outside off, and he backs away to slap this cut past the infield. Enough time to take the second run as well.
1 run, length on middle, pushed down the ground to long-on for one.
1 wide, another slower ball, very very wide.
1 run, length outside off, driven on the rise to mid-off.
no run, 140 kph yorker on off. The ball that got Moeen in the 2015 World Cup against New Zealand from Southee. This time he jams down and taps to point.
2 runs, full and into leg stump, leans in and flicks to long-on's left. Kohli is back for the second with ease.
FOUR runs, oh unlucky. Short of a length, around off, gets good carry, and the outside edge goes wide of the keeper for four.
1 run, length delivery on the stumps, the batsman makes some room and pushes into the covers.
no run, short of a length and angled into the corridor. Looks for the pull but that ends up feebly to mid-on's left.
2 runs, length on the pads, the batsman plays way in front of his body and turns the face too early, the ball lobs up towards midwicket but there was nobody stationed to catch it and what's more, they take two.
OUT, soft dismissal! Edged to QDK. Good length outside off, and the batsman tries to play the late cut. The ball just about seams away after pitching and that induces the edge. Comfortably taken by the keeper and the bowler is ecstatic!.
SIX runs, 17-ball fifty! Fastest this season. Samad has nowhere to look right now, this is some assault. Good lenth ball and pushed through wide outside off, extends the arms and slaps it on the rise over long-off. Special knock, this.
(no ball), beaten. Good length and outside off. Swishes at that and it doesn't quite sit up. The signal's gone off thought! Third umpire has spotted a foot fault no-ball.
no run, misses again! Looks to go leg side again. Short of a length ball outside off and it's too quick again. There are gaps over extra cover and mid-off, but he's aiming midwicket right now.
1 run, flat, length ball, punched to wide long-off.
1 run, length around off and middle, goes across and works it towards wide long-on.
1 run, turns this gently into the leg side for a quick single. Got close to the ball as he smothered that.
1 run, mighty full and outside off, jammed down to long-off.
1 run, chipped wide of midwicket as he looks to pull. Length ball is too quick as it angles into him.
1 run, short and wide outside off, punched on the up to sweeper cover.
1 run, yorker at 139 kph, helicoptered off his toes to long-on.
2 runs, on a length, angling in, pushed past midwicket for a couple.
1 run, length ball outside off again, and he pulls once more off the back foot. No real timing this time. Through to the fielder at cow corner.
1 wide, goes short and fast, but misses his line. Pitches on leg stump, but down the leg side. Another run added to the extras column.
1 run, back to yorkers, and draws another dot. Actually make it a single to cover.
1 run, full and outside off, the free-hit it swiped off the inside half to fine leg.
no run, good length and sliding onto leg stump. Defended onto pad off the inside edge.
OUT, the bowler's first wicket in a Powerplay this year. It has taken him 51 balls. And this is not such a great ball. A length ball on the pads, and Dhawan likes the look of it. Looks to clear the ring on the leg side, but doesn't get the elevation he wants and also finds short midwicket to perfection.
1 run, good length outside off, defended into the covers.
1 run, good length and into leg stump, flicked to deep square.
1 run, OUT, shortish and outside off, the batsman swats it across the line to deep midwicket. the batsman chances a second. It just wasn't there. Dagar, the sub fielder, throws it flat and hard to the keeper, who takes the bails off to catch the batsman well short of the crease.
1 run, full on middle stump, backs away and skews it over the bowler's head.
1 run, short and just outside off, punched to extra cover's left. Morgan throws on the bounce after running around it. Bowler takes the bails off at the non-striker's end. Sent upstairs but the bat's well grounded.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, a bit of inwards movement, tucked away towards mid-on.
no run, full on middle, and turning across the batsman. Defended.
2 runs, full on middle, and turning towards the leg side. Nudges it off his pads to the backward square region.
1 run, chest-hunting short ball on middle stump, the batsman takes it on with a pull and splices it between deep square and deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, not a bad ball this time, but the batsman shows great touch. Push-drives a wide length ball on the up, past the diving fielder at cover.
1 run, googly outside off, too short again, the batsman punches it to deep cover for one.
nan
1 run, full on off, swing away for the bowler, induces the edge from the batsman as he hangs his bat out, but gets a single to third-man.
1 run, full and straight again, pushed to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, clever, clever shot by the batsman. Moved into position early and paddle-swept it from outside off, very very fine. Good enough to beat a despairing dive by Siraj who was sprinting from a square-ish fine leg.
2 runs, length at leg stump, flicked to deep square off the back foot.
1 run, back of a length on middle, sensibly knocked into the gap at midwicket.
1 wide, round-armish delivery, was looking for the yorker, ends up slinging a low full-toss down the leg side. the batsman has a swipe at it but he can't connect.
1 run, offcutter at a length on leg stump. Awkward little chip towards deep square after he commits early to the flick.
2 runs, fullish slower ball on off stump, clipped to the right of long-on.
no run, full ball, and he defends this back towards the bowler.
2 runs, fuller ball, on the pads, and he whips this off his feet towards midwicket. Finds some space for the outfielders to cover, and they run two.
1 run, wrong'un, on the pads, worked to leg for one.
no run, length ball, a bit of late swing away from off stump. Wanted to clip this through the leg side initially, held his shape and adjusted to play it to mid-off.
1 run, tries something here, sweeping a back-of-a-length ball which is adventurous gets a top edge into his body. And then gets whacked on the back by the throw for good measure.
1 run, quicker, flatter, this time he has placed it wide of point for a single.
OUT, finds deep midwicket! It's a short ball. Very short. Turning away from off. the batsman gets behind and wallops this flat to find Chawla out there. He is not happy getting out like that. Could have hit it wide of the fielder without too much effort. A good innings ends.
no run, cops that on the helmet. Good length all at 140,7kph outside off. Sinks into it and tries to ramp, only to miss completely. He's on his feet and disappointed at himself for not getting some runs off of that ball.
1 run, reaches deep midwicket after a bounce. It kept low but the batsman managed to pull it away nicely.
1 run, full on off, and pushed off the front foot to mid off.
FOUR runs, oh neatly clipped away. Good length slower ball at middle, he a walked deep into the crease and across and had to wait. But did it to perfection as he picked this up over square leg.
2 runs, lifts the length ball outside off over extra cover. Only eight runs off the part-timer. That's a huge plus for Kings XI. That's the timeout.
1 run, wrong'un turning towards middle and off, worked off the back foot to deep midwicket to join his partner on a half-century.
1 run, dabbed to short third man for a quick single.
to Archer, OUT, Archer looks for another golf-swing six, and ends up toe-ending it. In the slot all right, but Archer is slightly early into it. Caught at long-on.
no run, length around off, gets behind the line and punches it back. Two boundaries and four dots from the first over.
FOUR runs, shot! He's bringing out the class now. Makes room this time. He's greeted with a slider and he has plenty of pace as he shifts the weight back and punches it to the extra cover boundary.
1 run, really full and outside off, squeezed to the covers.
1 run, a slower delivery outside off, guided to point for a tight single.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, played with an open face to cover-point.
1 run, good length outside off, gets low and sweeps to deep midwicket's right.
1 run, yorker at the stumps, jammed down to long-on.
1 run, wrong'un sliding in towards off stump. Gets forward and flicks it round the corner to long leg.
1 run, length on off, punched to long-off.
1 run, good length and curved in at off stump. Flicked to deep square.
OUT, sensational bowling and an equally sensational catch. We have said it so many times about Stokes. This is Test-match stuff. Bouncer, straight at his badge. And his eyes look away as he throws his bat up in self defence. The ball lobs up towards point but it looks like it will fall short, but Stokes charges in and puts in a full-length dive to catch it.
1 run, full toss on off, swung away to long-on.
1 run, whips this length ball from outside off towards deep midwicket.
1 run, stays back and cuts the googly through point. Seems a touch full for the shot but he pulls it off very well indeed.
no run, another dot as the batsman tries a reverse ramp but can't catch up with the line of the ball outside off.
1 run, length on middle stump, looks for the slog, mistimes it out to long-on.
1 run, slower on off, the batsman waits for it and taps it between point and cover-point for one.
1 run, tossed up on middle, drives with the turn to long-off.
no run, looks to run this down but is beaten by the away-going length ball.
SIX runs, over long off! Thumps this over the bowler's head. Good length outside off, makes some extra room, and then sends this over the boundary.
2 runs, short ball, stays low, but Kishan still pulls this straight enough of deep midwicket to be able to come back for two.
1 run, shuffles across to a short of a length delivery and tucks it late behind square for a single.
no run, length at off stump, blocked on the front foot.
no run, back of a length around off, defended away to mid-off.
1 run, length at off stump, punched on the up to extra cover's right for a quick single.
1 wide, this slips down the leg side, he goes for a paddle-sweep and doesn't make contact, rebounds off DK's gloves.
(no ball), surely that's one warning for a beamer. This perhaps slipped out as he tried a back-of-the-hand slower ball. Had the batsman on the floor, Rahul scampers to his left to stop that.
1 run, goes for the sweep before the ball even comes down the pitch. Rashid adjusts by pulling his length back and offers only a single to square leg.
OUT, is that it? Yes it is! Deepak Hooda not in the XI today, but he has the opportunity to be on the field for a very, very famous moment. Gets under it at midwicket and completes a catch. Mustafiz looks to pull and gets it off the high part of the bat. A slice - no danger. Mumbai's innings was no danger, to be fair. A feeble end but a fitting one.
FOUR runs, full-toss on middle, the batsman opens up his hips and slugs it away behind square on the leg side for four.
1 run, mid-on gets a hand and stops to his left. Uthappa lunging there. Good length at middle stump, looks to go lofted drive again, but this bounces in front of Uthappa.
1 run, length, slower ball, and he eases this towards long on.
1 run, the batsman escapes! Back of a length on off, and he taps it towards the leg side. Saha's halfway down the wicket before the batsman chooses to run. Mujeeb runs across from midwicket to try and throw the batsman's stumps down  but he fails to gather the ball.
FOUR runs, deft!.
1 run, works this from length outside off towards deep midwicket.
SIX runs, the bowler concedes 52 off four overs! That was the worst last over from the bowler I've seen ever. Ends with a full toss on off and Harshal smashes the ball straight back for six. Hits the sightscreen.
no run, dug in short and outside off, no off-pace balls from the bowler today, the batsman evades it again.
1 run, steps down the track to meet a low full toss and hammers it to long-off. Just one. Back giving lots of trouble.
1 wide, fuller but down the leg side this time, the batsman goes for the flick but cannot get any bat on it, called a wide. But Ashwin has decided to review it! For caught-behind! Nothing on the UltraEdge and it stays not out.
no run, bouncer outside off, pulls under that and is beaten.
1 run, starts off with a slower one, just 107 kph on the pads, the batsman has to wait for it and turn it to square leg.
1 run, wrong'un first up, and he goes back to punch this square on the off side.
1 run, almost a yorker on middle stump, and the batsman bunts it away towards the vacant midwicket region. Forces the bowler to go chasing after it.
FOUR runs, full on off, and the batsman crunches this over mid on! In the batsman's arc, and he check-drives it to the on side. Enough behind it to beat the infield.
2 runs, short and wide outside off, cuts to third man's left. It's Watson down there and you can hear Kohli yell push! as they take off. the batsman does and it's a comfortable second.
no run, short ball outside off, too fast for him again. Beaten on the cut.
1 run, bowled quickly into the surface, back of a length, pushed down to long-off.
1 run, waist-high full toss on leg stump. Misses the leg-side whip behind square. Mistimed to square leg.
1 run, shorter and flatter, top spinner, he clips it to midwicket from the stumps.
FOUR runs, back of a length, not too far outside off, and third man is back, but he's fairly square, and the bowler offers the batsman plenty of pace to use, just opens his bat face and guides it down nice and fine.
no run, full outside off, draws him forward, it's the legspinner this time and it beats his outside edge.
no run, short of a length at leg stump, glanced uppishly to short fine.
1 run, back of a length, wide outside off, and guided to Stokes at short third man. The Englishman takes a tumble, but he's alright.
no run, another drop. A sitter. Length ball, on off, the batsman defends, and the bat face turns and it lobs back for an easy catch to the bowler. But he spills it.
1 run, good length, a carrom ball at off stump. Waits on that and clips to deep midwicket's left.
1 run, good length on the pads, and turned to square leg.
1 run, tossed up outside off, driven with the turn to long-off.
2 runs, full and just outside off, allows that on and slices to deep backward point's left. Curran swoops down on that and puts in the throw. the batsman hares back and slides right through the middle of the pitch to make his ground.
OUT, gone. The bend-your-back short ball is a great ball to bowl on this ground. Gets up to shoulder height outside off stump, and it's a hard place to fetch a pull from. Hits it pretty well, but on this ground you need to hit it better than that to clear the fielder at deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, lifted over cover this time! This one's much stylish. Slightly fuller on off, and Rohit drives this through the ball's line. Hit over the man at cover, and just beyond mid off too. Races away to the boundary in no time.
1 run, length, and he moves towards it and whips it away towards deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, short, and he has played an uppish shot across the line, and Vijay at mid on cannot get to this! Very lucky boundary there for the batsman.
no run, yorker, dug out straight to short fine leg. Good comeback from Curran, following him with the yorker.
SIX runs, over the third man boundary and that's the game! Bounce in the corridor, backs away once more and swishes at it. This time he's managed to get bat on it and that seals the game.
SIX runs, length, and he backs away and lofts this over extra cover. Top shot!.
no run, full, but wide outside off. the batsman tries to drive towards the off side again, but comes off the bat's inside half. Hit to midwicket.
5 wide, not such a good ball  a horrid leg-side wide  sublime to ridiculous, much like the earlier catching .
1 run, sliding length ball around middle and leg, drilled down to long-on.
2 runs, short of a length and into leg stump, gets deep in the crease and punches to deep midwicket's left.
1 run, full, middle and leg, driven to long-on for another single.
2 runs, tries the yorker again and ends up firing a low full toss that's whipped to the right of long-on. They take on the fielder to for a brisk second.
FOUR runs, drilled past the non-striker! Length outside off, steps down the track and imposes himself on an apprehensive bowler. Beats mid-off to is left.
1 run, overpitched just outside off, and the slap has been stopped by Kishan at point! Crucial diving stop. That had four written all over it.
1 run, length on off, the batsman makes a little room and guides it down to third-man.
1 run, shortish and wide outside off, slashed away to deep point for a run.
2 runs, fuller outside off, steers it towards backward point, Sarfaraz fumbles and parries it towards covers. By the time, the throw finally comes in, the batsmen have collected two.
1 run, overpitched and outside off, the batsman drags it across the line to long-on.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, whipped to deep square.
1 run, good length into leg stump, he nudges this to midwicket for an easy single.
no run, goes wide of the crease and angles a bouncer into the stumps. Carries at shoulder height to Buttler after the batsman makes room and fails to connect with his uppercut.
2 runs, nicely played but some quality fielding out at long-on. Full ball on leg stump is drilled between long-on and deep midwicket. A slide to the right from long-on and a quick pick up and throw from deep midwicket, both of whom had to be inch perfect to avoid a collision.
1 run, full toss on the stumps, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 run, full on off stump, shuffles and flicks to midwicket.
2 runs, short of a length, wide, nicely cut away in front of deep point for two.
no run, length ball, just outside off, and the batsman can't play the cut. Through to the keeper and the bowler gives the batsman a wry smile.
no run, good length outside off, poked into the off side.
no run, slider at a length outside off, tapped back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, on-pace full toss, seems like a yorker gone wrong. the batsman shuffles across it, and shovels it square of deep midwicket for four.
OUT, an appeal for lbw and given. the batsman has opted to review. A length ball on the stumps, pitching around leg and holding its line, the batsman was looking to drag it on the leg side, misses and his struck right in front, would have gone onto the clip the top of middle and leg. Umpire's call on the stumps.
1 run, punches wide of cover for an easy single.
1 run, flatter length ball on middle and leg, nudged behind square on the leg side.
2 runs, short of a length and turning away outside off. Gets deep in the crease and whips to long-on's right.
OUT, the batsman holes out, another great over for CSK. Not a great delivery, it was a short legbreak well outside off and turned away further but the batsman swung away from the body and the leading edge went high enough for Billings to run in from sweeper cover. He doesn't drop those.
no run, shortish on and around middle, the batsman knocks it down to midwicket.
FOUR runs, dropped by brother Hardik. the bowler had earned this wicket with his tight bowling and then the length ball to cramp the batsman up. He hits this just over mid-on, Hardik has to time his jump, but he fails to do that. It slips through for four.
1 run, length ball outside off, guided to short third man's right for a single.
no run, full on middle, and shaping into his pads again. Driven to mid off on this occasion. Three dots to start off.
FOUR runs, back of a length, too straight, and that's clipped away crisply off the pads to the left of midwicket. Met it with a straight bat and didn't really need to close the face at all. Classy shot.
OUT, he goes for a six into the big side of the ground. Clever bowling from the bowler. KKR are favourites now. He has holed out. Gets too much under this front-of-the-hand delivery. Taken at deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, threads the gap. Slower ball, 128ks, on a length, the batsman gives himself a bit of room, and hits this to the left of extra cover. DC are excited for a moment because this has been hit in the air and at a catchable height but he has placed it in the gap.
1 run, length on the pads, tucked away to squareleg for one.
OUT, holes out to deep midwicket! That's two for the over. Short on middle, and the batsman pulls it hard. Hit well, but doesn't have the distance nor the elevation. Easy catch for Hardik, who takes a few steps forward, and completes the catch. Somebody stop the bowler!.
FOUR runs, nicely timed. This time the batsman stays still, and cuts this past backward point to the boundary.
FOUR runs, just clears midwicket and then teases mid-on who can't win the race. Short of a good length, drags this pull shot a tad. It was another slower ball. The bat turned in his hand, but these are the benefits of being a batsman in the powerplay.
no run, full, outside off, 96ks, which is quick for the bowler. Defended to cover.
no run, length, and he plays this back towards the bowler. The bowler goes down, and seems to have twisted his right ankle. Hopefully, nothing serious .
no run, full outside off, left alone.
OUT, big appeal for catch behind. Umpire has signaled wide. Warner takes the review. It's a full ball dipping away wide outside off. He reaches out and looks for the drive through point. On early viewing, the bat has definitely hit the ground. But there is a tiny spike on Ultra Edge as the ball goes past bat before that. The bat hits the ground a few frames after that. The third umpire has gone on the evidence of sound and overturned the decision.
1 run, short and wide, 91 kph, carved away to deep point.
1 run, fuller, outside off, pushed to extra cover.
OUT, is there a touch on that? Sounded like it! Parthiv thinks it's out too as he goes down leg side to complete a take. Mayank looking to flick this. The umpire goes to the leg umpire so he thinks there's a touch on this. Asks for the third umpire with a soft signal out. This doesn't look good for Mayank. Full ball down leg side and the bat is enough of a distance away to prove there's no pads involved. Parthiv has taken it cleanly too.
1 run, pushed down the ground, one more.
no run, quick slider, hits him high on the bat as he defends.
1 wide, full and down leg side, beaten on the flick.
1 run, targets the top of middle stump now from wide of the crease, the batsman pushes it down to mid-off and takes a quick one.
no run, through with the swing again, failed to account for the slower delivery.
no run, wow, the batsman struggling against swing! Full this time outside off, the batsman drives and is beaten comfortably. Very loose indeed.
1 run, length, and he punches this towards wide long on after moving a bit to get inside the line of that ball.
OUT, caught on the long leg-side boundary. And not even the boundary. Well inside. the bowler bowls the wrong'un, full, outside leg, and the batsman plays the kinda vertical sweep that he does. The top edge is taken at deep square leg.
2 runs, nicely struck as it's pitched up on middle and leg, the batsman is looking in really good touch. Flicks it away and long-on goes to his left to save two.
1 run, googly, pitching on middle, he's back and dropping this into the leg side for an easy single.
1 run, low full toss at middle stump, driven to deep midwicket.
1 run, length, angles across him, and he cuts this towards backward point.
no run, good length just outside off, thick outside edge to short third as he defends inside the line.
no run, short of length angled into the body, the batsman defends it from the back foot.
1 run, yorker on leg stump, tapped into the mid-on region.
no run, slight shimmy down the wicket, defends this length ball outside off.
1 run, full on leg stump, and the batsman powers this down the ground. Beats midwicket's dive, but there's someone in the deep.
1 run, length, and he flicks this towards deep midwicket again. Can only pick one this time.
no run, fuller around off, comes forward and drives it towards covers.
1 run, very full on middle stump, looks to clear his front leg and hit down the ground, but it's too full to get any elevation. All he manages is a single to long-on.
no run, scorching drive, straight to Binny at cover point.
1 run, slower short ball, pulled away to deep midwicket for another single.
1 run, off-cutter at length and angling away, steered to third man.
1 run, a yorker outside off, a good defensive option, punched to long-off.
1 run, backs away and flat-bats a short ball to long-on.
1 run, low full toss outside off, and the batsman attempts to drive over cover. Takes the bat's toe end, but falls just over cover. The man in the deep cleans up.
1 run, hops back and angles this down to third man.
1 run, length at leg stump, clipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, seams in from just outside off, the inside edge hits his pad. Lucky to not play on.
1 run, full toss, and he has shanked it to deep midwicket for one. Seems like the batsman's batting prowess has been overestimated by RR here.
1 wide, short ball outside off. Too short. the batsman can't get a pull attempt on it.
1 run, driven powerfully, down to long-on for one.
1 run, 92kph, slider outside off, he drives down to long off.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off. Small step back aaaaaand chop. Through point.
no run, full on leg stump to the batsman. Tapped back to the bowler off the front foot. Carefully negated.
1 run, cut away to sweeper cover.
1 run, full and into the toes, flicked to deep square.
1 run, length outside off, meets the line and pats it away to square leg.
1 run, waist-high full toss, punched through to long off. the batsman asked for the no-ball, Erasmus went 'no, mate. All good there.'.
3 leg byes, slips one down leg, the batsman looks to flick, gets some bat on it past short fine. Shami with the chase, does well.
1 run, short on middle and leg, whipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, shortish, angling into the front hip, tucked away into the square leg region.
SIX runs, one-handed shot for six! Holy moly. Length ball angling into the batsman from around the wicket, but he uses his wrists and swivels to pull behind square. One hand comes off his bat, but enough power behind that to go for a maximum. Unbelievable.
1 run, full on middle stump, spins into the batsman this time. He flicks it off his pads to midwicket.
1 run, just short of deep square! His dangerous affair with the slog sweep continues. Drags this good length ball from outside off, it's flat and dipping on Bhuvi.
1 run, good length at off stump, gets forward and whips to deep midwicket.
no run, length into the body, the batsman swivels to pull it away, it doesn't rise too high and he is struck on the thigh pad.
no run, full, outside off, driven down the ground, but can't beat the short straight extra cover.
no run, length ball, and he defends towards short cover.
1 run, whipped uppishly to deep backward square leg, good work by Umesh.
no run, some shape away outside off, left alone.
1 run, full outside off, slogged away to long-on for one.
1 run, lands short of third man! the batsman went over mid-off, ended up slicing it towards third man.
1 run, a full toss angling in towards the batsman who thuds it towards long-on.
FOUR runs, and the batsman immediately times a sumptuous drive right past him! It was full, on his legs, and the batsman timed a checked drive to perfection.
FOUR runs, picked that! And his area. The googly outside off, the batsman chips the ball over mid-off, and gets four.
1 run, yorker length at middle stump as he backs into the leg side. Jammed to sweeper cover.
no run, lovely. Quickish length ball, angled across, pitching on about off stump, and the batsman isn't sure which way it's turning as he stretches out to defend. It's the googly, and it slides past his outside edge.
no run, beaten outside off. Outswinger outside off, back of a length. Stabs at it and is beaten.
1 run, good length at leg stump shoveled to deep midwicket off the back foot.
SIX runs, gets the slog sweep over deep midwicket. His first six of the season. This is a length ball, pushed flat at middle stump. Gets on one knee and swings cleanly across it.
no run, right on the stumps on length, blocked back to the bowler.
no run, back of a length outside off, and coming into Karun the batsman. Stays on the backfoot and carves it towards point. Man there.
no run, slower ball. Not sure it is a knuckle ball or not, but it beats the batsman outside off. the bowler appeals for a catch at the wicket, Dhoni doesn't support him. Also not a slower ball. Just bowled cross-seam, and it sits in the surface.
1 run, low full-toss on off stump, punched down to long-on.
OUT, there's the big wicket. the batsman runs down under pressure to go over the top, beaten by sharp turn and Klaasen executes a straightforward stumping. Superb bowling, nicely tossed up him and deceived him in flight.  Big moment in the match.
no run, fuller and he wants to swat it away from one knee but finds midwicket.
no run, full slower ball down leg side. Looks to sweep that and is down on a knee, but that's off the thigh guard and AB slides to his left to stop.
no run, takes it away from him this time, and the batsman swings and misses.
OUT, sharp catch by the keeper! A 145.1kph fireball on off, and the batsman swivels to slog over midwicket. The ball, however, takes some extra bounce and collects a feather-edge off the bat.
SIX runs, walloped! Length outside off, Hardik held his shape and deposited that slower delivery over the deep midwicket boundary.
1 wide, wanted to bowl it wide outside off, but ends up just outside the tram-line. That'll be wide.
1 run, Dinesh the batsman has fallen on the ground twice on the same delivery! First he gets a yorker from the bowler and loses his balance while working the ball to leg. He gets up, runs across for the single and then dives at the other end to complete the single just in time.
FOUR runs, fuller outside off, DK leans into this wide half-volley and lofts this inside-out over cover point. Lovely.
1 run, googly, full on off stump, driven to long-off.
no run, full delivery outside off, it's absolutely belted to mid-off for no run. Smashed.
1 run, slower one on middle, grips a little, pushed through point for one.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, goes back and flicks it towards square leg.
1 run, fuller ball, and he drives this down to long on with force, but cannot elude the fieldsman in the deep.
no run, length outside off, extra bounce and movement again, de Villiers is rooted to the crease and tentative, just hangs his bat out but luckily it misses the outside edge again.
3 runs, length and just outside off, stands tall and punches through the covers. Gowtham gives chase and looks to put in a slide. But his knee gets planted in the turf and he goes over. Manages to chase it down after recovering and pulls it back in.
no run, skids through from length on off, defended back.
2 runs, soft hands from the batsman to work that to the leg side from leg stump, they run hard and make it back for two.
FOUR runs, goes for the yorker, but this time the angle he's hoping to create into the right-hander is a little too acute and the batsman flicks it to the fine leg boundary. At 150 kph, it flies.
1 run, length ball on middle and leg, nudged wide of midwicket.
1 run, full and straight, driven to long-on for one.
1 run, short, and he goes back and punches this towards extra cover.
1 wide, back of a length, down the leg side, the batsman can't connect with the leg glance.
FOUR runs, the batsman on fire. Two yorkers later, the bowler gives him a length ball - actually slightly fuller than length - and he clears the front leg to smack him back over his head.
1 run, on a length, outside leg, he makes room and punches this down to long-off.
3 runs, good length on middle stump, and KW easily whips it off his pads to deep midwicket. The man there has to race across the boundary to intercept. Good work from Mujeeb.
SIX runs, and another! Too flat, too similar. Length on off, no turn, clean swing on the slog sweep and it's over the fence.
OUT, caught and bowled! Slower ball, length on middle, and the batsman's leg-side clip takes a leading edge. Ball flies over the bowler's head, but he manages to run back towards the bowler's stumps, and takes a sharp catch from over his shoulder. No celebration from the bowler, but Pollard does a fist pump.
2 runs, muscles this length delivery into the gap at midwicket, down to Negi who comes around from deep square.
1 run, goes back to a stump to stump line, but gets it to move in and end up on the pads, and the batsman pats it towards mid-on for a single.
1 run, thick outside edge as he gets on the back foot and looks to stab at this with a closed face. It's a length ball at middle stump, turning away.
1 run, short of a length, straight, punched to deep forward square leg. Gets the single. Over to Stoinis.
no run, full on the fourth stump, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, in the blockhole close to off stump, looks to make room to drive through the covers, ends up squeezing it down to long-on instead, off the inside half of the bat.
1 run, another catch goes down. This short ball goes big on Kishan as he looks to pull. Ends up top-edging towards midwicket. Bishnoi runs in, makes all the ground, gets under the ball, but can't hold on to it.
no run, the bowler opens up Rohit but the outside edge does not carry Harbhajan at wide slip. Nice and full, angling in at off, which means Rohit has to play at it. The  ball straightens away and takes the outside edge.
FOUR runs, another sweep, this time he connects, and hits it in the air past the diving square leg. He has dragged this from outside off.
FOUR runs, and he has done it again. Backs away, then shuffles across, this is bowled at 156ks, but he takes it from outside off and ramps him fine of short fine.
4 runs, Jadeja with a brilliant save but have theu run four? Yes, they have. the batsman whipped this uppishly through deep midwicket. Jadeja ran across a long way from deep square leg and did well to get down to it but ended up pulling it away too forcefully. He then has to chase it a second time as it goes towards the boundary again. And Faf du Plessis, backing up, had to pick it up in the end.
no run, short of a length outside off, front-foot pull straight to short midwicket.
no run, good length on off stump, punched with the bat's open face to cover.
2 runs, sounds like a dropped catch. But it was off the top edge and near impossible for the keeper to react to his left. Googly landing at a length outside off and he was looking for the sweep.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, cut to cover-point.
FOUR runs, wide yorker, but the batsman gets enough bat on it to place it between the keeper and third man. Not that he is looking to place. He is just trying to get some bat on it. And it flies off the edge.
1 run, round arm, length and in at leg stump. Stays deep in the crease and flicks to deep midwicket.
1 run, flighted outside off, and driven with the spin. Smothers it to deep extra cover.
no run, good length outside off. Leans in to try and jab off the front foot. Thick inside edge to midwicket.
no run, again, too predicable, the wide legbreak. Outside the tramline, should have been wide.
2 runs, full slower ball outside off, attempted drive is off the thick inside edge to deep square's left.
SIX runs, poor the bowler. Slower length ball pitching on the stumps and spinning away from them. Super shot from the batsman, brings down a straight bat and scoops the ball back over the bowler's head, gets it to carry all the way.
no run, shapes to cut but chops it into the off side. This skidded through, no turn.
FOUR runs, helped on its way! the bowler bends his back to send this down at 138km/h, but it's a full toss outside leg and the batsman just needs to put bat to ball to get his first boundary.
no run, length on leg stump, flicked to mid-on.
FOUR runs, width again! And it's a slower one, too. He spots it early, plants his right foot, and doesn't bother keeping it down as he scythes over cover.
1 run, short ball, and he goes back and punches this towards deep midwicket.
1 run, tossed up outside off, driven with the turn, inside-out and over extra cover. Dhawan cleans up at long-off. Faf is unhappy with Raina who had turned his back on him and wasn't thinking about a second run.
FOUR runs, good length on off stump, but angling into the batsman's body. Shuffles across to the off side, and flicks it off his pads behind square. Great timing, and the shot beats the man in the deep to the boundary.
1 run, punched from middle stump to sweeper cover after backing away outside leg.
1 run, back of a length on off, and DK glances it down to third man. A safe way to get off the mark.
no run, dabs this gently but straight to short third man.
no run, indeed, yes, a wide yorker outside off. Jammed back to the bowler. the bowler hurls a throw back to the batsman in utter frustration.
1 run, back of a length on the hips, 140.3ks, clipped away to long leg.
1 run, length on leg stump, glanced to deep square off the back foot.
1 run, full toss, clipped to long-on.
no run, length outside off, defended back to the bowler.
1 run, full toss outside off, flicked to deep square.
no run, length on middle, the batsman tires to swat it away through midwicket but can't beat the man.
1 run, length on the pads, clipped to deep squareleg.
no run, and he tries the big hit now, but the bowler gets enough drop on the ball to beat him in the flight. The inside edge is thick, hits the pad, lobs up, but falls well short of the bowler.
no run, good length outside off, and zipping further away. Tries to cut, but the ball stays low! Well taken by DK.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, leaps off the pitch as he nudges this down to third man.
SIX runs, pace on the ball. Short, wide, 144ks. the batsman loves it. Upper-cuts it for a six.
1 run, slower offcutter, short of a length, gets extra bounce and goes for a single off the high part of the bat.
no run, flays a drive to a fuller ball but cover dives to his left and makes a brilliant stop.
1 run, length outside off, punched to deep cover off the backfoot.
1 run, full toss wide outside off, and the batsman slaps this towards the off side. An excellent diving stop at point keeps it down to one.
1 run, good length outside off, and spinning into him. Punched off the back foot to long on for a walking single.
no run, good length on off stump, patted back towards the bowler.
FOUR runs, length outside off, extra bounce for Rashid but the batsman just opens the face and guides it past slip for four.
FOUR runs, cleverly done, opens the bat face late to steer this past the keeper to beat third man.
no run, all of Hyderabad roars for an lbw appeal. But this good length ball, skidding through to beat the batsman's flick originally pitched outside leg.
FOUR runs, muscles this full toss one bounce to the deep midwicket boundary, brings his first IPL century. He's pumped, angry gestures to the dressing room, lets out a roar and then soaks in the applause of his home fans and mates.
1 run, yorker length at leg stump, flicked out to deep square.
1 run, slaps this length delivery down to long on.
no run, slower short ball wide outside off, looks to cut and is beaten.
1 run, angling in sharply from wide of the crease, slightly short too, and he works it with a roll of wrists to square leg.
1 run, length ball outside off, and opens the bat's face once again. Trickles down to third man.
1 run, offcutter, short of a good length outside off. Backs awalefty and slices to sweeper's.
SIX runs, comes running down, gets underneath the length and slogs the ball neatly over midwicket for six more.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, subdued pull out to deep midwicket's right.
FOUR runs, short ball at the body, the batsman was caught in a bit of a tangle but managed to help it along to fine-leg off the glove.
(no ball) FOUR runs, whistles over backward point! Effective Powerplay batting. Stays leg side and low at this length ball that is wide outside off. And then slices firmly with no intent to keep it down. It is also a no-ball, as picked up by the TV umpire.
1 run, slower ball, full on leg stump, and all KW can do is lift it over cover to the man in the deep.
FOUR runs, full toss, on the pads, and the batsman won't refuse a gift twice in a row. If the bowler is going to bowl straight, he needs to send fine leg back.
FOUR runs, lofted over the bowler's head, couple of bounces into the ropes. Not much wrong with the delivery - length - and the batsman was happy to hit through the line. Brave.
1 run, dabs it gently into the off side with soft hands.
2 runs, wrong'un, dropped into the leg side for one. And a deflection from the direct hit at the stumps brings them another run.
no run, short of a length, down the leg side, kisses the pad on the way through. Samson has to put in a dive to prevent leg-byes.
FOUR runs, length ball on off, and angling away. Curran throws his hands at this, and crunches a drive past cover!.
no run, pinpoint yorker on leg stump. The batsman did well to get his toes out of the way.
no run, looks to arch back and help this over the keeper to third man, misses.
1 run, flatter one on middle and leg, punched to deep midwicket.
1 run, dug in short, but misdirected down the leg side. The punishment isn't too severe though, de Villiers pulling to the fielder at deep backward square.
no run, this one keeps a touch low as he hops back to defend this length ball, rolls back.
1 run, slower ball, on a good length. Cut off the back foot to point, but there's no single on offer. Point takes a throw at the stumps anyway, and misses, which allows them to complete the run at the end. Tewatia the guilty man.
1 run, Karun steps down the track, meets the pitch, and lifts it nonchalantly over short midwicket. AB slides to his right from long-on and stops the ball.
no run, short of a length and wide outside off, looks to drive on the rise but goes too hard. Under-edge into the covers.
1 run, bowls this short, and the batsman pulls it for a single to deep square leg.
3 runs, mistimed lofted drive. To mid-off's left. Good length and into middle stump. Makes room and drives on the up, but the bat turns in his hand. Iyer gives chase and pulls it in.
1 run, tossed outside off, presses forward and drives through the covers.
no run, flatter on the stumps and very full, digs it out to short midwicket.
no run, short of length outside off, Rohit goes for the pull, was early in the shot. The ball doesn't bounce as much either and hits him near the rib area.
1 run, good length and flat onto the pads. Flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, full on leg stump, gets down on one knee to slog sweep, but misses out. Hits his leg, but impact's outside leg stump.
1 run, full outside off, leans in and flicks to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, slogged over long on! Slower ball, gives it just a bit more air, and the full ball is in the batsman's arc. Gets down on one knee, and smacks this over the non-striker's head.
1 run, good length and floated in, driven on the rise to mid-off.
no run, and again! Wow, there is no improvisation or reassessment from Daredevils. Back of a length outside off, a swing and the ball goes over the bat.
no run, full and swung into the corridor. Jammed into the pitch off the inside half.
no run, good length, patted back to the bowler.
1 run, length ball on off, and turning into his pads. Nudged away to square leg.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched to long-off off the back foot.
OUT, another one goes high up in the air and that could be the match! Short ball, Vijay the batsman has little choice but to attack, goes for the pull but with his weight forward is in position to execute it, only manages a top edge, called nice and early by the wicketkeeper.
1 run, goes wide on the crease, bowls wide, and is cut away to his deep fielder for one.
1 run, slower one outside off, offcutter, bounces, spooned into the covers.
no run, slower bouncer, angling across, beats him as he looks to ramp it.
no run, length at off stump,gets on the back foot, tapped back to the bowler.
1 run, dragged short and outside off, the batsman uses his feet and forces it down to long-on.
OUT, short on middle and he hammers a pull flat and hard, picking out squareleg in the circle. the batsman is livid but he has to go.
no run, good length and wide outside off, punched into the covers off the toe-end.
no run, short on off and goes with the slower ball to the batsman. He's in two minds, and eventually wants to ramp it past the keeper, but misses completely.
no run, and they don't have the review so Curran has to walk back but the umpires get together for a chat before sending Curran on his way. This is shambolic umpiring. I am loathe to criticise umpires, but this is really poor. This is a short ball that Curran looks to pull and is beaten. The ball hits the thigh pad of Curran and goes to Dhoni on the half-volley, and he has been given out caught at the wicket. Hang on. The umpires have seen the replay, and are now going to the third umpire. Dhoni doesn;t seem happy with them changing their minds after seeing the replay. Not sure what Dhoni has against it: the umpires are within their rights to change their decision as long as they are consistent and arriving at the right decision. The replays show Curran can go back to bat.
no run, more pace, more bounce, skiddy. 143 kph, back of a length outside off, the batsman misses an open-faced dab.
SIX runs, full toss, lots of elevation on that one and it seems as though he's mishit it. But on the Wankhade, that's a six. What's more, it's smashed into the press box. But no damage done.
1 run, swings a slow short ball away to deep midwicket.
no run, 140 kph, full and swinging back in, Kishan gets forward and somehow defends. It's a similar delivery to what Umesh bowled to him at the Wankhede.
OUT, no room on the pull as the batsman shifts right back and gets a top-edge that Dhoni runs to his left to catch.
no run, googly, zips away outside off, keeps low and beats the batsman.
1 run, length outside off, steered to point's left and they scamper one.
SIX runs, slower offcutter on of, Colin waits on it and then launches it hiiiiiiigh over midwicket. Huge six.
FOUR runs, slower ball outside off, throws his hands at it and manages to clear mid-off.
3 runs, big offbreak now, looks to hoick into the leg side and gets an inside edge down into the fine leg region.
no run, inside edge onto pad. Googly, at a length outside off. Big gap as he has a stab at this away from the body.
1 run, slower ball again, but this time at 125ks, on a length, outside off, he has to check his shot. Just the single to mid-off.
1 run, punched to mid-off as they'll scamper a quick single.
no run, full on the pads again, there for the same shot through midwicket but the batsman misses and is struck on the pad.
1 run, on a length, around off, pushed with an open face for one.
1 run, similar delivery, similar shot, finds the gap this time to get a single to third man.
1 run, very full on the leg stump, dragged to deep midwicket off the inside half.
OUT, loses his leg stump. Short of good length. Walks into the leg side and swings at that. Completely misses it.
no run, and an appeal for caught-behind but they decide not to review. Length ball down the leg side, the batsman goes for the flick but misses. Looks like the ball brushed the batsman' side on its way to the keeper.
no run, length on off, pushed to cover.
SIX runs, just clears long-on! Just past long-on's outstretched right hand. the bowler tosses it up slow like he has all over, but this one is fuller. So the batsman steps out and meets it as a full toss. It comes off the toe-end and Morris is stretching to his right at long-on but it's past him.
SIX runs, taken, juggled, taken again, but he's over the rope! The googly this time, loopy and outside off, and the batsman loses his shape trying to slog-sweep, and hits it high towards long-off. Deepak Chahar is moving towards the boundary as he catches it, lobs it up in the air while stepping over the rope, and unfortunately for him the momentum means he's not succeeded in tossing it back into the field of play.
1 leg bye, full ball on the pads, he wants to tickle it fine but can't get bat on it. They get a leg-bye with the ball rolling to short fine leg.
no run, bounce again, off a length and rising up to almost shoulder level. the batsman gets behind it and defends it down.
no run, good length on leg stump, gets deep in the crease for the glance but cops that on the thigh.
OUT, we might have a stumping here the batsman waits on this and late cuts it, but seemed to lose balance and Samson broke the stumps. And that's brilliant work by Samson. He broke the stumps right when the batsman's foot was in the air. Oh wait, that's actually caught behind. Though it would have been stumped too. the batsman cut it so fine, it went into Samson's gloves and he held on. The batsman seemed to think about setting off for a run then decided against it, and in that process, lost balance. Samson broke the stumps at that precise moment too.
1 run, tucks this shortish delivery to short fine leg for a quick single.
1 run, they'll get one, short and wide, chopped away towards point. The ball beats the fielder running in.
1 run, shimmies across the stumps, and picks up a length ball at the stumps and flicks it away towards long leg.
no run, length outside off, tapped to extra cover off the back foot.
no run, fizzes past the bat. Too quick in the corridor and just the perfect length to get it at face height. Batsman has no idea.
SIX runs, carved away over backward point, clears the ropes. Opened the bat face and then got underneath the full length delivery to put this away. Lovely.
1 run, back of a length on off stump. the batsman stays on his crease and punches off the back foot to cover.
no run, good length outside off at 120 kph, he waits for it to cut it fine, but it's too fine, and the keeper is able to stop it on the bounce.
1 run, that's better timing. Good length outside off, punched to wide mid-off. The fielder dives to his left and saves runs, Bhajji the fielder.
1 run, the batsman backs away to the leg side, the bowler fires it wider, and he plays this off the inside edge towards short fine leg.
SIX runs, length outside off, the batsman stands in his crease and smashes it over long-on with all the nonchalance in this world. Was an offcutter from the bowler. Gets to his fifty as well.
2 runs, full toss outside off, he carves it to the sweeper.
SIX runs, short again, just around off stump, the batsman heaves it over wide long-on, clearing the boundary line for a six.
1 run, fuller, on off stump, swept with the turn down to long leg.
1 run, on a length and outside off, run down to third man.
FOUR runs, not hit too well but he finds the boundary. Steps out preemptively and is beaten in flight, but this is coming into him and he uses the angle to lift it over midwicket.
1 wide, slower ball, shortish, angling away into a sixth-stump line. Left alone, and the umpire signals wide - tight call, I thought.
1 wide, good length and down leg side, past the flick.
1 run, slow, short of a length, cut straight to deep cover for one.
1 run, round the wicket, looking for the yorker, the batsman clears his front leg and miscues it to long-on.
1 run, yorker just outside off, chopped straight to point.
FOUR runs, slapped wide of mid-on. Short and sitting up nicely outside off. Looks like it stuck in the pitch. the batsman with a lovely swing on the front-foot pull.
SIX runs, carved over sweeper cover! Poor length from Mitch, but it's an offcutter so this is not an easy shot. CDG gets leg side of it, uses his reach to get under and puts in a lot of core strength to clear the fielder.
SIX runs, huuuuuuuuge! Full on off, and he brings his front leg to the pitch of the ball, before depositing it over wide long on. Rashid's in disbelief.
1 run, eased back to Axar, who half-stops it on the dive, can't prevent the run, down to mid-off.
no run, turns this googly towards midwicket, the bowler runs quickly to his left to prevent a single.
1 run, full and at off stump. Clears the front leg for the drive. Gets it off the inside edge to mid-on's left.
1 run, yorker, dug out to long-off for just the single. I am surprised they don't go for the extra run.
1 run, length on the pads, clipped to deep midwicket.
no run, another one on the pads, the batsman can't time the flick this time but refuses the single.
1 run, length ball at off stump, stays in the crease and punches to mid-off with the turn.
2 runs, down the track to a fairly flat one on middle stump, drives inside-out and du Plessis has a lot of ground to cover from long-off, to his right and quite a few yards in off the rope.
2 runs, full slower ball outside off, leans in and flicks this down to long-on.
no run, short of a length outside off, looks to cut and is beaten.
no run, good length and swing away outside off, left alone.
1 run, goes for the cut to a ball thrown wide, gets the outer edge, and Moeen does well at short third man to cut it off.
no run, slower ball, back of a length and just outside off. Defended into the covers off the back foot.
no run, length outside off, tries to guide it towards third man, misses.
1 run, top edge as he sweeps, goes right behind DK on the leg side and they take one.
1 run, slams it down to long off for one.
no run, full outside off, and spinning away from Mavi. He tries another extravagant sweep, but nowhere near the ball.
no run, short of length outside off, the batsman lets it go through, one bouncer for the over.
no run, length on middle stump, defended down the pitch.
1 run, full, on off, and defended towards the off side. They scamper across for one after a bit of hesitation.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched to extra cover who moves to the right and cuts it off.
1 run, opens the face and slices the back of a length delivery outside off to deep third man.
no run, good length outswinger, draws him forward - only half a stride complete - and forces him to feel for it. Beaten on the outside edge.
1 run, almost a yorker on off, and the batsman digs it away towards midwicket for a walking single.
1 run, short of a length outside off, backs away and chops to third man.
OUT, a leaping Krunal snaffles one! the bowler slung another full one in towards the pads, the batsman looking to flick him to midwicket but neither keeping it along the turf nor getting any real elevation in the shot. Krunal is in position at midwicket, inside the circle, and he times his leap just right to pluck the ball out of the air.
1 run, length on middle, punched to long-on's right.
no run, slower ball, around off, fullish, driven to cover.
1 run, full, outside off. He checks his drive towards cover, but calls for the single anyway. Could've been close, but the fielder misfields.
SIX runs, short, pitching outside leg, that's a gift, and the batsman treats it as one as he swivels around and pulls it over fine leg.
no run, short, on top of off, punched back to the bowler.
1 run, full outside off, uses his wrists to clip it down towards long-on.
1 run, slower and fuller outside off, squeezed to extra cover.
1 run, wide yorker, very good from the bowler, squeezed out to cover.
no run, googly jumping into the pad as he gets on the back foot. He can't get the glance away.
1 wide, short of a length and down leg side, a slower ball gone awry. Past the attempted pull.
SIX runs, just clears long-on. Good length and dipping on him quickly outside off. Shuffles and not to the pitch of this. Ends up dragging it with the turn and long-on's dived backwards and to his left but that was beyond him.
FOUR runs, the batsman gets four back. Backs away to a shortish ball and slaps it over mid-off.
1 wide, length ball down leg side, looks to flick, won't connect.
2 runs, fetches this short of length ball from outside off, pulled into the gap at deep square leg.
no run, the batsman is looking to get outside the line of off and access the leg side, but ends up playing a cover drive to this length ball. Straight to extra cover. Just the respite KXIP needed.
no run, good length and in at middle stump, pushed to midwicket off the back foot.
no run, driven back, excellent stop by the bowler off his own bowling.
FOUR runs, swatted to long-off's right, first ball. Slower ball, short and wide outside off, Back leg well into the off side as he lines this up and brings a hammer at it. Flat and one bounce over the line.
1 run, the batsman plucks the ball off an off stump line, glancing into the leg side for a single.
no run, flatter and quicker, looks for the late-cut again, and is beaten.
1 run, and he's off the mark straight away, placing a drive through cover.
no run, good length and at middle stump, pushed to midwicket off the back foot.
OUT, back of a length and outside off, offcutter it is, swatted away away in the air, did that carry to short midwicket? The soft signal is out. TV umpire called in. Rohit bends low at short midwicket and wraps his fingers around the ball. Excellent low catch from the Mumbai captain. De Kock just could not time the ball tonight. He simply dragged it away.
FOUR runs, and the batsman is back now, expecting a flatter delivery. He gets it, and he leans back to late=cut this between point and short third man.
SIX runs, see ya! Umesh tries to become the wristspinning the bowler and fails woefully. A half-tacker, sits up nicely at off stump the batsman slogs it over midwicket.
1 run, googly, good length and into leg stump. Nudged to deep midwicket's right off the back foot.
1 run, good length and just outside off, dabs it down to third man with the angle.
OUT, hauled to midwicket. No signs so far that the ball is coming onto the bat smoothly. the bowler gets another one to climb, this one is just short of a length. And it's at the batsman's stomach. He's backed into the leg side and tried to pull that, but it's off the high part of that bat and floating above Garg. It's not come at pace and these can get tricky if you don't time the jump right. Garg does it perfectly and lands with some grace.
1 run, fuller outside off, he drives inside out through cover to the sweeper.
no run, 130 kph, another bouncer on off. the batsman gets over the bounce and pulls, but finds midwicket.
no run, full at the stumps, defended to the bowler.
1 run, full on middle, almost a yorker, drilled past the diving bowler's right and down to long-on for one.
2 runs, full indipper outside off, half a stride down to loft this straight over the bowler. Bat shuffles in his hands a little. This plonks in the turf as md-on and mid-off run backwards.
OUT, and the bowler strikes first ball back. Du Plessis looks to use the pace on this seam-up delivery. It is on a length, and he is looking to go over cover. Ends up toe-ending it, and Siraj takes a smart catch running back.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended to cover off the front foot.
1 run, good length on middle stump, leans in and flicks into vacant midwicket.
FOUR runs, slow for the batsman too, it's outside leg, and the batsman swats it to his favourite area - behind square on the leg side to beat long leg. Impressive wrist work there.
FOUR runs, Gayle at short fine leg jogs and escorts the ball to the boundary. Full offbreak, the batsman drops down to one knee and rolls out a sweep to the left of Gayle.
no run, short ball outside off and the batsman, since he's new at the crease, spots the length but not the change of pace and he's into the pull shot too early.
FOUR runs, good length and just outside off, waits on it this time and opens the face late to steer this to short third man's elft.
3 runs, misfield, and it brings runs! Two fielders converged on de Villiers' drive to cover, but neither could stop it. The ball is eventually hunted down near the rope.
no run, back of a length, kicks up from outside off, 140ks, the batsman loses his shape as he misses a pull.
no run, fizzes through outside off, no turn, punched off the back foot to extra cover.
FOUR runs, free runs these and the batsman is enjoying the all you can eat buffet. Another bad ball, short down leg and he paddles this past short fine.
no run, double-wicket maiden. Slower ball, on a length outside off, and he ends up pushing inside its line.
1 run, dropped short and wide outside off, slapped away to backward point. Russell lets it burst through his hands and allows a single.
no run, back of a length and angling in on off, the batsman opens the face and dabs to point.
1 run, the batsman's off the mark straight away with a drive to long off.
no run, full inswinger on off stump, driven to mid-off.
no run, short on middle, and that's fiery! the batsman hops across to the leg side in a bid to get away from the ball's line.
1 run, short of a length, wide outside off, punched to deep cover for one.
1 run, length on off, pushed to long-off for an anticlimactic single.
no run, goes back and across to defend.
no run, length ball, and he plays this towards point.
FOUR runs, right int he slot, drilled to deep extra cover. Juicy from PC to his old KKR mate.
no run, closes the face and again there's no turn and he gets a leading edge towards short third man.
1 run, knocks a back of a length delivery on off stump to long-on.
1 run, angling in, the batsman stands his ground and flicks this to deep square for one.
no run, short of a length at off stump, punched off the back foot to cover.
SIX runs, full and wide outside off, Suryakumar goes straight and very, very long. Got that off the bottom of the bat, but bats these days means it was never going to be caught. Huge straight six.
no run, full on middle, and he presses forward to block the ball back.
1 run, short and angled across, karthik tries to fetch it for the pull, splices it up in the air, but luckily for him, doesn't carry to long-on.
SIX runs, and h takes six off that free hit. the bowler bowls a full legbreak, the batsman gets right behind it and crashes it back over his head.
1 wide, bouncer, down the leg side, and called wide.
1 run, slower length ball, outside off, punched to deep cover for one.
2 runs, drags this pull from outside off towards deep square leg.
no run, googly, full and outside off. Reaches out and clips to midwicket.
1 run, good length and sliding on outside off, backs away and punches firmly at extra cover who misfields.
1 run, short and quick, the batsman wanted to pull it but was very late on it, gets it off the end of the bat and it loops up and falls just behind the bowler. Wasn't in control of that at all, but got enough on it to not be at catching height for the bowler.
no run, wrong'un, he picks it off the pitch, and plays it back to him.
1 run, full on of, and the batsman backs away to make some extra room. Drives through the cover region. Man in the deep though.
1 run, good length on off and angling into Karun. Flicked off his pads to deep midwicket for a comfortable run.
FOUR runs, short and just outside off, springs onto the back foot and gets nicely adjacent to this as he punches through cover.
OUT, done by the googly! Full outside off, and the batsman came dancing down the wicket. The ball zips straight through and the batsman's way out of his crease. the bowler held his length back just a bit.
1 run, quicker length ball, bottom edge onto the toe. They steal a single.
1 run, works this with the spin to deep midwicket.
1 run, length, spins away outside off, moves across and tucks to midwicket.
OUT, full on off, and in the batsman's slot. Goes for a big one, but toe-ends it unfortunately. Mid on, Uthappa, settles under it, and holds on to this catch. the bowler strikes!.
2 runs, sweet. Good length and outside off. Half a stride and an aesthetic drive on the up to mid-off's left. Russell chases and pulls it in.
no run, yorker outside off, squeezed straight to point.
1 leg bye, we have a review for an lbw after they gave him not out on the field. Short of a length but the batsman fancies the pull and is hit in front on the back pad. Height is the only thing saving him here, and the replay shows the ball clipping the top of the middle stump. So the on-field decision stays even though DC retain their review.
1 run, inswinging yorker on middle, jammed to the covers for one.
2 runs, wide length ball, pushed to the left of square third man. Gets two.
1 run, works this with the spin to deep square leg this time.
1 run, he opens the face now to take a single to short third man.
OUT, a nice slower ball and Russell will take the catch! Two wickets in two balls to finish the over. the batsman is through the shot too early, the ball takes the lower half of the bat and lobs to cover. Russell runs back and takes a good catch.
no run, length on off, 130.5ks, flicked to midwicket.
FOUR runs, that is poor. Short, no height on it, just outside off, and he makes room to cut this through point. Five hundred IPL fours for the batsman.
no run, wrong'un, on a length, outside off, and he defends this back to Rashid.
2 runs, overpitched and outside off, belted straight of Faf at long-on.
1 wide, speared very wide outside off, he'll need to bowl that again.
1 run, length ball, flicked to midwicket.
no run, almost chopped on! Good length just outside off, and the batsman tries to punch towards cover. The ball comes just into him, and takes the inside of his bat. Lucky he didn't play that on.
no run, length around off, comes forward and taps it softly towards extra cover.
FOUR runs, sliced up and over point! Full and wide, he goes with the swing square driving up and over point and it beats the wide third man.
1 run, good length at leg stump, looks to stab through midwicket off the back foot and gets an outside edge to short third's left. Strange outcome, because that ball was actually coming into him.
no run, short and turning away. Very slow. Subdued cut to extra cover.
SIX runs, oh yeah! Is that the batsman getting back into form? Two controlled chops and now an old-fashioned swing across the line to send this slower ball wayyyyyy over deep midwicket. A length ball on off and he's got such a sweet connection on this.
no run, slants one across, left alone.
no run, good stop by Tripathi. Full and wide outside off, caressed away towards cover. Tripathi dives to his left.
FOUR runs, crunched over extra cover. A full slower ball outside off, waits on that and gets a stride out before lifting this over the fielder.
1 run, plays a delicate dab to short third man for a quick single.
1 leg bye, good length on middle stump, and cramps Sky for room. Mistimes a shot off the back foot to short fine leg. Looked rather uncofrtable.
no run, flat and on the stumps, blocked to cover.
OUT, smart bowling from Axar. The thing with the batsman's charge as against Williamson's is, he comes down early, and Axar fires it in and follows him too. Takes his arms out of the shot. And is caught at deep midwicket.
SIX runs, slapped over deep square! They just haven't let Rashid settle down. Googly, short at leg stump. Gets back in the crease and gets it flat to the fielder's left.
1 run, squeezes this full delivery down to long on.
1 run, slower one outside off, pushed to cover and they take off for one with the stroke, and he had to hurry there at the non striker's end, a direct hit would have probably found him short.
1 run, short, and away from the batsman, who somehow slaps it with one hand off the handle towards deep midwicket.
1 run, full just outside off, and that's been driven off the front foot past cover. They walk across for the run.
1 run, leading edge onto the body and to short third's left as he looks to paddle this. Half an lbw appeal from DK, turned down.
OUT, chopped straight to backward point! A sharp, low catch from, it looks like, Suryakumar. They've sent it upstairs with a soft signal out. A third man angle - the side angle in this case - shows he took the catch without the his hand touching the ground. That is, while the ball was still aerial. It's only in the follow through that his hand touches the turf, and from a front on angle, the umpire is satisfied that the back of the palm is under the ball. It's a second consecutive duck for Dhawan. This was a good length ball shaped away outside off, and he reached out for a square drive on the rise.
SIX runs, gets it over long-on. There's a plan there, but the batsman has beaten it. Just. Short and into his body. He slices it with an attempted pull. Stoinis is back there, but he watches it clear the fence.
1 run, legcutter, length ball outside off. Flicks it to long-on on the up.
FOUR runs, hip-high short ball outside off, slower one, the batsman picks it up and swats it over midwicket for his fifth boundary. the batsman setting the pace for CSK.
no run, slower ball outside off, pushed to extra cover.
no run, attempted ramp over the keeper, he is struck on the pad and they take a review for lbw as the umpire turns the appeal down! But struck well outside off and would have missed off.
FOUR runs, too short, put away. Dhawan waits inside the crease and then gives it a proper whack through cover when it arrives.
1 run, short outside off, chopped to sweeper's left.
1 run, full, wide outside off, and allows the batsman to free his arms. Driven through the covers, but Williamson manages to intercept.
1 run, short at off stump, backs away and hammers this to long-off's right. Sends Rayudu back as he hares down for the second.
OUT, run-out at the non-striker's end. Mean bouncer from the bowler, gets the batsman on the body. He's too shocked to react as Mandeep rightly hares down the pitch to take strike. the bowler walks back to the stumps, takes a single bail off, and puts it back into place. Checks if the batsman's alright after the impact - gets a thumbs up.
1 run, stays short, away from the swinging arc, punched down to long-on for one. Good comeback from the bowler.
SIX runs, Bang! Bang! the batsman smashes it over long-on now. Full on off from round the wicket again, the bowler misses his length. the batsman tees off once again and Chepauk roars with him. Hoisted over long-on.
2 runs, nearly a yorker again, he shuffles across to hit this into the leg side for a couple.
no run, slower ball again, fuller this time, again in that fifth-stump corridor. Goes for the big slog and misses.
FOUR runs, guided. Bouncer in the corridor. Parthiv arches backwards to make room and ramps it to the third man boundary.
FOUR runs, a bit short and Dhawan rocks back in the crease to pull it away to deep square leg, he's middling everything!.
1 run, works this off his hip to midwicket.
1 run, full outside off, and the wrong'un is picked up early by the batsman. Goes down on one knee, and slogs this towards deep midwicket. Man there though.
SIX runs, clears Kohli at long-off! Another mis-hit turns into six for Mumbai. This is a knee height full toss wide outside off. He wants to hit over the leg side but the angle is against him. It ends up a slice, and that is enough after keeping Kohli interested for a moment.
no run, short of a length, 138ks, it sits in the surface, the batsman has no room, he hits this straight to cover.
1 run, offbreak, on a length, just outside off, pushed past point.
no run, the luck's on his side as he survives both a catch behind and a stumping. Short of a length googly outside off, looks for the cut and runs straight away. Gets an outside edge that deflects off Bairstow's leg and onto the stumps. But the zing bails don't fall off.
FOUR runs, full ball, outside off, and he has muscled this towards long off. They are checking to see if it is four or six definitely bounced just ahead of the boundary skirting.
1 run, short of a length, middle and leg, punched down to long-on for one.
1 run, low full toss at middle stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, big outswinger, and the batsman leaves it along outside off.
1 bye, just short of a length, outside off, and the batsman misses his slash but they pinch a bye.
no run, good length, slower ball at off stump. Looks to tap it into the covers but it rolls back down the pitch.
OUT, the bowler outclasses the batsman! Good length on middle, and that's dead centre. He tries to defend this straight back to Shardul, but played down the wrong line. Crashes straight into middle stump.
OUT,  pulled straight to Southee at fine leg!  This was an effort ball from the bowler, Dhawan picked the length early and swivelled to pull, but he was looking to clear the long boundary, didn't get it off the middle. The local boy has given RCB a reason to cheer.
no run, short of a length on the stumps, tapped into the leg side with soft hands.
no run, back of a length, and bounces across the batsman as he leaves.
1 run, back of a length outside off, moving away. Tapped to backward point for a good single. The kind of single Dhawan likes to take with Rohit for India.
1 run, squared up by the length, dabbed gently into the off side for a quick single.
SIX runs, length ball on middle, but angling down the leg side. the batsman swivels, and then drags it over the fine-leg boundary. Seventy-seven metres!.
SIX runs, and the batsman makes it 232! The highest score of the season. Also his highest of the season. Length outside off. Lots of room. Poor bowling. the batsman drills it over long-off, flat.
1 run, full outside off, drilled off the inside of the bat to long-on.
no run, beaten. Good length and turning away marginally outside off as Faf looks to drive. Got that to dip on the batsman.
no run, back of a length and angling across off stump, the batsman has a mighty whoosh at it  and only collects fresh air. He attempts a leg-side slog and loses his shape.
no run, blocks the fuller delivery on off stump.
no run, length on middle stump, gets the reverse sweep right, but he finds backward point.
FOUR runs, length ball on middle stump, gets down and sweeps between short fine and square leg.
to Kohli, 1 run, short of a length, tucked away off the hip, and they take the quick single.
SIX runs, I think the batsman has been watching the bowler has been bowling a lot of slower balls so he sits back and waits for this to arrive, and picks it from the slot to crash him over long-off.
no run, under edge on this? Yes, must have been, as he misses a sweep but manages to keep the ball away from his stumps.
1 run, short of a length, no room, but he has dabbed it wide of slip for one.
1 run, slightly too straight from Sran, and the batsman's off the mark with a nurdle close in on the leg side.
SIX runs, shot, Shubman! This was pitched up and outside off, right in his arc, the batsman collapses his back leg and drives it up and over extra cover. Goes all the way for six.
FOUR runs, hit over cover! A full and wide delivery at 118 kph., Kishan gets enough power behind the shot to hit the ball over cover for four.
SIX runs, definitely done now. Length on off., the batsman launches a slog into the stands at deep midwicket. Defending at this ground is so hard.
OUT, inside edge onto middle stump. Looks like a slower length ball from the bowler, wide outside off. Static feet as the batsman reaches out and looks to lift that over the overs. He's through it early.
1 run, full on leg stump, driven down to long-on.
4 leg byes, short of a length, tight line, but it nips back in going too far down leg for four leg-byes.
1 wide, short and down leg side, steps across and is beaten on the pull.
FOUR runs, hip-high short ball on middle, the batsman swivels on the back foot and pulls it elegantly over square leg.
1 run, a low full toss on middle and leg, Umesh hits it towards deep midwicket for one.
FOUR runs, 5000 IPL runs for the batsman. Wide outswinger, he throws his bat at it, times it well, but it goes in the air between cover-point and cover. Kings XI excited for a moment.
1 run, fuller ball, and he hits this hard towards wide long off.
1 run, steps out and squeezes this drive behind point for a quick single.
1 run, full and wide outside off again, and this time the batsman slaps it behind square to deep point. They walk across for the single.
no run, slower ball, on the pads, and he flicks this away towards square leg.
SIX runs, and past deep midwicket this time! Front-of-the-hand quicker one, dropped short at middle stump. He pulls him off the front foot, flat and to the fielder's right.
1 run, length on middle, the batsman backs away and pushes it to point's right for one.
2 runs, good length outside off, forces a drive on the rise and there's a misfield in the covers.
FOUR runs, brilliant pull shot over short fine! Bad ball this and the batsman swivels and pulls this over the man at short fine leg.
no run, googly, short of a good length outside off. Onto the back foot and punches to cover point.
2 runs, length around off, stays back and hits it over the bowler's head, not the best of the timings and that allows the batsman to come back for the second.
1 wide, sees the batsman advancing and takes it away from him but drifts away too much outside off.
FOUR runs, shot! That's speared in very full, outside off, and he opens his bat face deftly to pick up a boundary to fine third man.
1 run, on a length, on off, pushed wide of cover for one.
1 run, back of a length on off, and worked off his hips to the man at deep midwicket.
1 run, sweeps a tossed up delivery outside off to deep midwicket.
1 run, slider pushed through, he defends to the gap at cover-point.
no run, short of a length, no room, pushed to point.
no run, full outside off, and it's the legspinner. But the batsman played for the googly, and the drive takes a leading edge. Goes to mid off.
FOUR runs, swatted to the backward square fence. Walks down at him, pre-meditated. It's a short ball, but he's not quick enough to bother the batsman who swivels a touch and sends this on its way.
1 run, quick, flat legbreak, worked to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, length, outside off, and he goes back to push this towards extra cover.
1 run, slower ball, full on middle and leg. the batsman keeps his eyes on the ball and judges the pace early. Whips it towards deep midwicket with the use of his wrists thereafter.
1 run, legcutter, driven in the air, just to the left of the bowler, who is not quick enough to thrust a hand out.
no run, length ball around off, stays back and pushed it towards the bowler.
5 runs, turns this slower delivery from outside off towards midwicket. Oh, dear. Four overthrows, so make that five. Miller throws to the bowler's end, but the bowler misses. Finch, backing up, also misses as this squeezes below him.
1 leg bye, length ball on the pads, gets away with just one leg-bye.
FOUR runs, short of a length, the batsman stays back and just jab it through deep midwicket with a full-blooded pull.
no run, curves away from off stump, driven firmly. Good stop at extra cover.
SIX runs, waits on that and clobbers it over midwicket. Good length, slower ball at middle. Iwas always going to be that, wasn't it? And the batsman nails the connection this time. Deep in the crease and clears the big side of the ground by some distance.
1 run, length on middle stump, flicked to deep midwicket's left.
OUT, one-handed pluck from Jofra at third man Tyagi has his head in his hands. It's a tough one, slightly self-inflicted after he took a couple of steps in, but Archer watches it closely, jumps upwards and back to stretch and grab this one-handed. It's a short ball outside off, he looks for the upper cut and seems to have just gotten away at first glance. Not tonight. Jofra's team-mates are dumbstruck after that effort. all but Ben Stokes, who looks to the skies and cackles.
1 run, on a length, on off, crunched to deep point for one.
FOUR runs, short and wide and he slices this over backward point! Too wide, the batsman threw his hands through the line at speed and it sailed over the fielder in the ring, one bounce four.
1 run, close to the blockhole on off stump, squeezed away into the cover point region.
no run, yorker-length on the stumps from wide of the crease, squeezed back towards the bowler.
no run, swinging in towards off, the batsman lunges forward and defends.
no run, short and wide outside off, cut firmly to backward point on the bounce. Fumbles it but recovers quickly enough to stop the single.
1 run, short of a good length, tucking him up at middle. Dropped into the covers with soft hands.
2 runs, full, outside off, the batsman plays the lap sweep, gets it fine of fine leg for two.
4 leg byes, all done! Leg byes for four. Mumbai win with an over to spare. A yorker outside off, the batsman gets outside the line and misses a slog. The ball ricochets off the shoe to the third man boundary.
no run, googly on off, defended.
no run, blocks this length ball that spins in extra and takes the inside of the bat into the leg side.
SIX runs, he's picked the length of that. A slower delivery on middle and leg, the batsman reads the length and swats over midwicket with so much ease. A poor delivery.
1 run, tossed up, pretty straight, clipped away off the toe.
(no ball) 2 runs, another back-of-the-hand slower ball, another high full toss, Sarfaraz chips it over backward point, only a couple.
1 run, skied pull shot well in front of fine leg. They take the run. Short and into the body, gets under it and pulls aerially off the high part of the bat.
1 run, length outside off, steps out and drives to long-off with the turn.
1 run, short of a length, around off, worked into the covers for one.
1 run, a slower ball on middle and leg, pushed to mid-on. Suryakumar called for one immediately (it was his call). Kishan doesn't completely trust the call, there's some hesitation but even with a direct hit at the batsman's end, all good.
2 runs, short of a length and into middle stump, pulled to deep square's right.
1 run, full at off stump, drives firmly to long-off.
1 run, rolls his wrists nicely to play this half pull from outside off to deep square leg.
no run, fizzes past the batsman's tentative forward push. Don't think he read the googly again. Lovely from the bowler.
1 run, non-turner on off, front-foot defence from the batsman.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, sets himself up for the short slower ball this time, and pulls this sweetly over midwicket for a six.
no run, excellent use of the short ball, a bouncer on off. the batsman sways out of the line, dot.
1 leg bye, quick short-of-a-length ball here. beats him for pace. An inside edge gets them a single.
SIX runs, flat length ball speared across the batsman, wide of off stump. It allows the batsman  to free his arms, and he launches it high and straight, back over the bowler's head and off the middle of his bat.
1 run, length outside off, opens the face and steers it down to third-man.
no run, slower ball, on off, pushed to cover: 15 balls without a boundary now.
OUT, the flight has worked, he holes out to long on! It was pitched up with a lot of revs, the batsman got near the ball nicely, struck it hard and straight but Southee was waiting there at long on with his long arms. the bowler is pumped!.
no run, just short of a good length, cramping him outside off. Punched to extra cover.
no run, good length on middle and spins into Lynn! Cramped for space, and manages to push it towards cover.
no run, on a length, wicket to wicket, Kishan looks to work with the angle, but gets a soft leading edge back to the bowler.
2 runs, flighted outside off, the batsman pushes at it, gets an outside edge. And it goes fine of short third man.
no run, length on off stump, defended to point.
1 run, back of a length, slides across with the angle, the batsman stays back and whips it to wide long-on.
no run, quick delivery, 144ks, the batsman is hit on the inner half of the bat as he looks to drive away from the body.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, defended.
to Rayudu, no run, on a length, he shuffles across to get behind the line, and pushes it back to the bowler.
1 run, full on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, tucked away off the hip for one.
no run, full on off, and drifting into middle stump. Another mistimed shot - a drive - to cover.
FOUR runs, the batsman back away, Mavi tries to follow him with a shortish ball, but that plays into the batsman's hand if your fine leg is up. the batsman is adept enoogh to place this wide of that fielder.
1 run, short of a length, wicket to wicket, played with soft hands for a single towards point.
1 run, a length delivery outside off is slapped to long-off.
1 leg bye, length ball at the pads, looks to whip it away, misses but will get a leg-bye.
no run, slower bouncer, the batsman didn't spot it perhaps, just stands still and lets it go over. Not a wide.
OUT, dragged on! A gamechanging over? Not the best of shots from the batsman, looking to cut this from tight on off stump, gets a bottom edge into the stumps. But was another lovely piece of bowling. Gripped and spun back into the batsman to further cramp the shot.
no run, this one is flighted up a little higher, the batsman punching firmly to cover.
no run, on a length, angling in, defended back to Curran.
no run, swing and a miss. the bowler keeps this wider outside off, the batsman is tempted into an expansive drive, but ends up missing it.
no run, full and wide outside off, the ball bounces over the batsman's drive.
1 run, yorker now, much closer to off stump. Jams his bat down on it and squeezes it a few yards away square on the off side.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and slapped away to deep extra cover for a single.
no run, short of a good length just outside off. the batsman walks down at him again, but this time he lets it go.
1 run, short again, gets up to shoulder height over off stump, pulled to deep square leg.
no run, dropped by the bowler! That's hurt his arm. It was the slower ball, on a good length, that he tried to muscle towards leg side. Took the toe end of the bat and came to the bowler rather slowly, but he was expecting it to come quicker. Hits his wrist.
no run, length ball on the stumps, spinning away, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, the wide legbreak outside off, drilled down to long-off for one.
no run, on a length, on top of off, defended back to him.
2 runs, full  and at middle stump, mistimed drive to long-on's left and Gurkeerat has hared the first run down while screaming two two two.
no run, outside off, pushed through to the keeper on a wide line. A precious dot.
1 run, doesn't get power in this, just the single to deep cover.
no run, back of a length on off, and the extra bounce takes it over the batsman's shoulders. He reckons it should be a wide, but the umpires disagree.
1 run, full around off, driven to mid-on for a single. Full face of the bat.
OUT, gone! That looked like a clean strike from the batsman, and it was, the lofted drive against the full ball on off stump. Frees his arms and it looks like vintage the batsman, but long-off is back on the boundary, and Rayudu takes it with both hands, over his head, and even though he's stepping backwards as he takes it he doesn't get too close to the rope. They check a few times anyway, from multiple angles.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. Short of a length, slow, on off, and he backs away to crunch this between cover and extra cover. Finds that gap perfectly.
FOUR runs, full on middle stump, stands tall and flicks easily through square leg for his first runs in the IPL.
1 run, full outside off, driven to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, that's a fantastic start for the batsman. He loves it when he starts with four. A short flat delivery outside off, the batsman hurries back and nails a cut through point.
1 wide, slower ball gone wrong, slides this down leg even as the batsman walks out to flick. Pressure on the bowler.
no run, on a good length, and pitching on middle stump, the batsman backs away to cut it square, but can only find the man at cover point.
no run, full outside off, the batsman drives hard, extra-cover dives left to stop it.
FOUR runs, length, angled in at the body, Rohit picks it with a one leg in the air, towards deep backward squareleg and into the boundary on one bounce.
no run, length on off and squares the batsman up, missing the off stump by a whisker.
SIX runs, high and super handsome. Rashid goes full and the batsman was waiting for it, muscled over the bowler's head, deep into the long-off boundary. This is some hitting.
OUT, slower length ball, the batsman gets across and sweeps this straight to Umesh at backward square leg. Big wicket under the circumstances. Made him fetch this, because he changed the pace, this bounced that much more to hit the top part of the bat to deny him the power to clear the infield.
1 wide, the batsman stays put and the bowler second guesses him by firing it down leg. That will be a wide.
no run, 135 kph, shorter and wider outside off, chopped away to cover.
1 run, on a length, middle and leg, driven to long-on for one.
1 run, length ball, gets a nice stride out and clips it to midwicket. Confident footwork and strokeplay so far from the debutant.
1 run, full, outside off, hit hard to the left of the bowler, who gets a hand to it but can't field it. Actually he has ended up hitting it in the air while looking to keep it down. So a drop from the bowler.
1 run, sweeps a length ball on middle to deep square leg.
1 run, good length outside off, and the batsman cuts it square to the man in the deep.
FOUR runs, knew that was his area. 115 kph, a knuckle ball outside off. the batsman knows the fielder is up so just slaps the ball over the fielder. Lands just inside.
2 runs, tossed up at off stump, steps out but he can barely have a swing at this. It trickles to long-on's left and he comes back for the second.
no run, full outside off, scythes at it from inside the line, on the bounce to backward point.
1 run, short, gets up to chest height on off stump, pulled through midwicket, along the ground.
FOUR runs, short, and Singh gets inside the line to pull this to deep midwicket. Into the fence, on the first bounce.
SIX runs, a six to finish! Another swervy slower delivery outside off, the batsman stands in his crease and smashes the ball over long-on for six. Rajasthan enjoy their hoemcoming too, beating the Delhi Daredevils by 10 runs.
no run, quicker through the air and angled into leg stump. But he makes every effort to turn the ball and turn it he does. As a result, the batsman is badly squared up while he defends the ball.
1 run, another short ball, 140kph, good wheels, and the batsman can't make connection with the pull, it just bobbles to the leg side off glove.
no run, appeal for lbw as the batsman is caught on the pad yet again, trying to pull a length ball. He was struck outside the line of leg stump.
FOUR runs, slower ball again, nearly a yorker, and goes for four. Is this done deliberately? He is looking to open the face, but the ball has run off the edge of the bat, between the keeper and short third.
FOUR runs, shot. Arches into the leg side to make room against this short, rising ball in the corridor. It's at 147kph so all he does is get his hands under it and slice it wide of third man.
FOUR runs, good length and angled into the pads from around the wicket. Gets on his toes and uses the angle to tuck this fine.
no run, lifter wide outside off, the batsman lets it fizz through to Goswami.
SIX runs, not that short, but the batsman nonchalantly goes back and uses his high grip to pull this over midwicket for a small flats ix.
OUT, the batsman perishes trying to pick on the short boundary. Goes across to try to play the pick-up shot and lofts this length ball straight down the throat of deep midwicket.
no run, length just outside off, defended to extra cover off the back foot.
1 run, back of a length outside off, 143 kph, nudged down to third man for a run.
no run, short of a length, straight, punched down to mid-on.
FOUR runs, briefly in the air but that's past Watson's lunge to the left at extra cover. And it is a lovelry, flowing drive. Full ball outside off, got his weight into that.
no run, opens the face this time from deep in the crease but can't create the angle to beat point.
1 run, down the wicket to drive this to long-off for one.
1 run, full outside off, gets the front foot across and pats it away to square leg.
FOUR runs, full and wide outside off, gets the back leg into the off side to give himself extra swinging room and drills this past Morgan. Long-off is well beaten to his right.
1 run, drilled hard at him, the bowler gets a hand at it, and I, for one, won't call it a drop but three runs saved. The ricochet nearly hits the wicket at the non-striker's end, and would have caught Surya short if it had.
FOUR runs, nicely bowled, a fifth-stump outswinger that the batsman jabs at with hard hands, coming forward to drive. Thick edge races away to the boundary to the left of third man, who's stationed quite square.
FOUR runs, through the covers. Oh boy, looks like another long night for the bowler. Looks nervous already - third type of ball already. This is a slower one. It's short of a length and gives him time to back away and slap it.
FOUR runs, shovelled down to fine leg. Good length on leg stump, and the batsman was setting himself up for a big heave over midwicket, but uses his wrists to adjust at the last moment and get it past short fine leg.
1 run, good length on leg stump, tucked off his pads to deep midwicket.
no run, hangs back and typically legside of the ball to tap it towards cover. Hint of away movement off the pitch from the bowler.
1 run, length outside off, drives it on the up towards sweeper cover.
no run, short and wide outside off, cut to backward point.
SIX runs, oh the perfect ball the batsman needs when looking to break free after playing second fiddle. On a length, in his arc, and he has lofted him over long-on for six.
1 run, length ball, angling in, worked away to deep square for one.
1 bye, back of a length, wide outside off, and the batsman can't connect with the cut. They scamper across for byes as Samson misses the direct hit.
1 wide, short and wide outside off, but way too wide on this occasion. the batsman tried his best, however, to slap it over the infield.
FOUR runs, shot! Nice balance on that from the batsman. Short and just outside off, got his head right on top of the bounce and elegantly punched through the covers.
1 run, slower ball, short and outside off. Cut to sweeper's right.
1 leg bye, looks to go across and tries the ramp but the bowler nails the wide yorker to concede just the leg-bye.
no run, appeal for lbw turned down. Not reviewed. Was looking to play the reverse sweep. Good length and gripping. Might have hit his chest too so it was on its way up. Perhaps also hitting just outside off.
SIX runs, he charges and whacks this over midwicket! He got the length ball in the arc and heaved it flat over midwicket! Some shot.
SIX runs, makes room again, this time the bowler looks to fire it into the body but drops short again, the batsman muscles this over deep midwicket. Sensational.
no run, slider, cramps him up as he looks to run it past short third. Bottom edge.
1 run, slower-ball yorker on off, and he mistimes an on-drive to long on.
SIX runs, flat outside leg stump, and the batsman goes down on one knee and thumps it over deep backward square leg! What a classy way to get to your fifty. A freebie to start his spell.
no run, good length and fired down leg side. Didn't look to me like the batsman got anything on that, but there's no wide call so there must have been pad.
1 run, another slower legcutter. This is some skill. Pushed into the off side for one.
no run, first strike! Back of a length on middle, and angling into Ricky. He tries to drive it straight over the bowler, but plays it down the wrong line. The ball goes over the top of leg stump and through to Dhoni.
no run, looks for the ramp to this short ball but is beaten by the loopy bounce. Twelve balls without a boundary.
FOUR runs, the batsman makes room outside leg, and scythes it up and over extra cover. Beats sweeper to his right.
FOUR runs, dropped and helped along to the long-off boundary. Manish Pandey the man running back from mid-off. It was a yorker at middle, he was looking to slog that. Ended up slicing it. Pandey went back and to his right and lunged. Only managed to push it backwards in the end, wasn't easy.
1 run, very full once again, and the batsman clubs it into the leg side for a single to keep the strike.
no run, just back of a length, tries to glance it fine but the ball grazes the pad on its way to Parthiv behind the stumps.
2 runs, on a length, straighter, pushed into a gap between deep square and deep midwicket for two.
1 run, short of a length in the corridor, watchfully poked on the up and he gets it out to third man off the thick outside edge.
FOUR runs, length outside off, Suryakumar runs it down to third-man, deliberately placing it very fine, and the third-man fielder can't get there despite the dive to his left.
1 run, low full toss on off stump, and that's been mistimed to long off. Was in his arc, but just couldn't get his bat under the delivery.
no run, beats him with a gorgeous legbreak, pretending to come into the right-hander a little way and then it pitches and changes direction. Gloriously fickle.
1 run, full on off, pushed to long-off.
no run, charges down and bunts it back to the bowler, the bowler scares KW by almost throwing it to non-striker's end.
no run, short of a length, cramping him up with the angle, hitting him high on the pad.
1 run, length on the pads, tucked away to short fine-leg to retain strike.
no run, hustled for pace with a 140.7kph shot of length delivery, the batsman hops back and tucks to square leg.
FOUR runs, Gill drops a sitter at deep midwicket. How much will that cost KKR? the batsman picked that full delivery from the stumps and flicked it with really good timing but for placement, it was headed straight to Gill in the deep and he just dropped it.
no run, short of a length, outside off, the batsman early into the punch, hits this uppishly to mid-off.
1 run, good length on leg stump, whipped to fine leg's left off the back foot.
SIX runs, ONE THOUSAND SIXES. Over the big leg-side boundary. To a quick bouncer that is higher than his shoulder. Enough said.
1 run, full toss on off stump, backs away and drills it to long-off.
1 run, too short on middle, and turning across the batsman. Goes deep into his crease and mistimes the pull to deep midwicket.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut straight to deep point.
FOUR runs, the big back lift sees the low full toss with a wobbly seam outside off and he whacks it straight down to beat long on. Strong arms and shoulders coming into play.
FOUR runs, it is almost like Dhawan is teasing them and testing the creaky joints on the field. This time he tosses up a catch to Watson's right at short third. And it is like everything is happening at normal pace, but Watson dives in slow motion. Another life.
1 run, length on off, punched to deep cover.
FOUR runs, and the batsman likes the extra pace. Short of a length, angling towards top of off, and he opens the face to place it between short third and point.
1 run, good length ball floating away from off stump. Leans in and flicks it on the up towards deep midwicket.
1 run, dropped by Rahul Tripathi. Slower length ball around off, the batsman looks to go aerial towards long-off but ends up skying it towards backward point, Tripathi is coming under it, is under it but spills in the end.
FOUR runs, clears mid-on! Will Royal Challenges ever figure this guy out? Even when they have a plan, it isn't working. Short of a length ball, he backs away and swings it over the diving McCullum off the toe-end.
1 run, offcutter, short of a length just outside off. Allows it to come and steers this to third man with an open face to bring up his fifty.
no run, slower ball, floated on middle, the batsman stays leg-side of the ball and flays to mid-off.
1 run, OUT, Saha run out at the striker's end. Full ball outside off, Nabi mistimes the drive, along the floor to long-off. Saha wants the second but is sent back. Puts in a dive but he won't make it. A forgettable innings for him, couldn't get anything away tonight.
FOUR runs, overpitched and outside off, the batsman hangs back but lets his hands flow through the line. Crunched away wide of mid-off. 16 off the over.
1 run, length ball outside off, the batsman jabs it to mid-off who loses the ball as he tries to stop it.
SIX runs, smacked over long off! Full, on off, and he skips down the wicket before hammering a golf-swing shot over the boundary.
FOUR runs, slapped to the extra cover boundary. Once again, he puts the back leg into the off side and sets up with a split stance. Tyagi goes short and wide and he chucks the hands at this and gets it over extra cover.
1 run, back of a length and sliding in on middle, hangs back and nurdles it to the left of the bowler.
no run, length on middle, the batsman turns the face of the bat too early and gets a leading edge that nearly carries to cover-point, He was hurried for pace there as well.
2 runs, length ball into the pads. Stays tall in the crease and tickles this fine. Karn Sharma with a slide to his right at fine leg.
SIX runs, Remember the name, part 2? Full on leg stump, and he gets his front leg out of the way, and thumps it into the midwicket boundary. The crowd's come aliiive!.
1 run, full and wide outside off, driven along the ground to sweeper cover.
1 run, once again opens the bat face to ease this down to third man.
1 run, drives a full ball down to long-on for another single.
no run, turns back into him, and he drives it back towards the bowler.
1 run, good length and ripping away outside off, punched to sweeper cover.
no run, beauty! Length ball, drifting on middle and leg, and spinning past the batsman to beat the outside edge. Parthiv is quick to take the bails off and they are going upstairs. the batsman lifted his back foot but did it come down in time? It's touch and go. Numerous replays, and it looks the batsman might not have got his foot down in time. But third umpire thinks otherwise and the batsman survives.
2 runs, an overpitched start to begin. Full and wide, Suryakumar the batsman smashes that drive to Gambhir at mid-off, who labours to his left. A fumble allows two.
1 run, nearly a yorker, outside leg again as the batsman makes room. Squeezed out for one to point.
1 run, a gentle clip to long-on against a good length ball outside off.
SIX runs, banjaxed into the stands! Where do you bowl to this man? A more aggressive short ball this time, but it just brings out a more aggressive swing of the blade, over square leg!.
1 run, the bowler switches to over the stumps for the left-hander, the batsman slicing a low full toss outside off out to the cover sweeper, on the bounce.
no run, a short delivery on leg, the batsman walks across and looks to flick the ball fine, but fails to make contact. Over leg stump that was.
no run, slower ball, overpitched just outside off, and driven to Gowtham at cover.
no run, drifts it down again but this time it spins further in and gets away from him as he's down and across, and he mistimes the sweep to short fine leg.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, short ball, he mistimes the pull and makes it just in time for the quick single as the throw came in from midwicket.
OUT, Bowled him! Beaten for pace. This was 145kph, full and tailing into off stump, the batsman swung hard but it flew past the flashing blade and crashed into off stump. Really well bowled.
2 runs, shortish outside off, flat-batted down the ground to the right of long-off, where du Plessis makes a tumbling stop.
no run, length outside off, chopped to extra cover's left.
1 wide, looks to help it fine but misses. Wide called, on the bounce to the keeper.
no run, some turn there, pitches on off and goes further away.
to Iyer, SIX runs, just a soft little pick-up shot, and he gets six for it. He shuffles across to clip this leg-side length ball over deep square.
SIX runs, that is a lovely shot, and not a moment too soon. the bowler goes for the wide yorker, and misses the mark by a foot or so. the batsmana reaches it, is down on a knee, and hits this over extra cover for a six.
1 run, thick inside edge along the ground to deep square. Rashid tempts him, googly, full and slow outside off. Can't get the shot away.
no run, nearly a yorker, 144ks, the batsman pushes this back to him.
no run, the batsman keeps backing away after shuffling across, but the bowler is not falling for it again. Beats him with the short ball this time.
no run, wide length ball, pushed to point. Even the batsman not looking for boundaries.
FOUR runs, excellent batting. The impetus that they need. Short of a length, just outside off, and he loves the drop in pace. Doesn't matter the length, he goes inside-out, and clears mid-off easily.
1 run, length ball outside off, and he steers this to third man for one.
FOUR runs, fired on a back of a length and just a shade outside off, Baz brings out the reverse-swat right away and finds the gap between slip and short third man. What a way to get off the mark.
no run, short at middle stump, shuffles and whips to midwicket's right. Rashid's dive means no single.
2 runs, flighted on middle and leg, the batsman gives himself room and drives it back past the bowler. Didn't try to hit it too hard, AB had to run around from long-off to slide and field.
1 run, length on middle stump, leans in and flicks to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, another four, short and the batsman backs away and pulls it towards deep square leg for four more.
no run, the batsman backs away outside leg, Sran chases him with a short ball and beats his attempt to ramp it away.
1 run, short ball outside off, fetches it with a pull to deep midwicket.
1 run, shot! You beauty, the batsman. A classy looking chip to sweeper cover. Short ball in the corridor, makes room and slices. He can settle in at the other end till the end of the innings now.
1 run, overpitched and driven firmly to Faf at mid-off, who tumbles. That's stung his right hand, but he's saved three.
SIX runs, smoked this time! Another short ball, another pull and he connects this time and how! From the meat of the bat and it sailed to the midwicket boundary.
no run, back of a length on a fourth-stump line, jabbed to the covers.
1 run, pulled down to wide long-on for one.
1 run, full on middle stump, leans in and drives to long-on.
FOUR runs, picked up wide of mid-on. Good length and across him, steps out and shovels this wide of the fielder.
1 run, full on off stump, driven to long-off.
no run, soft appeal for lbw, but turned down. Good length on leg stump, and the batsman can't connect with the leg-side swipe. Takes the top of his pad and the ball trickles away towards cover.
1 run, slower ball full toss, surprised him a touch but he glanced it fine for a single.
1 run, Prabhdeep is wrong-footed. Brute of a bouncer, at his face, the batsman fends awkwardly, and the ball flies off the back of the bat to where the keeper would have been. But Prabhdeep was following the angle of the bouncer, and had moved down the leg side.
2 runs, short of a length and into middle stump. Gets deep in the crease and whips this to deep square's right.
no run, length, and he presses forward to punch this, but cannot beat R Ashwin at short cover.
no run, legcutter, slow in the air, on a length, defended in front of off.
1 run, full on leg stump, clipped to long-on.
no run, length ball around off, stays back and punches it towards short extra cover.
FOUR runs, full toss on the pads. Yorker gone wrong. This is the break DC need. He plays a short-arm shot between long leg and deep midwicket.
1 run, tossed up outside off, stretches out to drive to long-off.
1 run, overpitched on middle, worked to deep midwicket. Long-on prevents two.
1 run, short and wide, sliced to deep cover for a run.
no run, the batsman reviews immediately! Full and wide outside off, the batsman goes after a drive and misses. The bat hits the ground as it passes. The ball misses. Umpire Nanda Kishore has got that one wrong. The match would have been very different without DRS. At least, the right decision made.
SIX runs, full outside off, and the batsman leans into a drive. Lifted over mid off, and it has enough behind it to go beyond long off! Ten off the first two balls.
no run, down the track and gets to the pitch of the ball to drive powerfully, but straight to Bravo at mid-off, so no run for the batsman.
1 run, low full toss at middle stump, looks to slog that and gets it onto the pads off the inside edge.
2 wide, follows him and overdoes it yet again as the batsman jumps into the leg side, past the keeper and short fine has to clean up.
no run, good length on leg stump, and DK tries to pull it. Tries to play it on one knee, but can't connect. the bowler appeals for lbw, and then asks for a review. Nah, it's going down leg.
1 run, almighty heave but only gets an under-edge to deep square leg.
1 run, length on the pads, tucked away to deep squareleg.
no run, a low full toss outside off, ends up hitting it straight to the point fielder.
1 run, good length and into middle stump, walks into that and flicks to deep square's right.
OUT, Has he taken that at cover? Not too dissimilar to how Rahane perished. Third-umpire has been called. Length outside off, the batsman goes for the drive, loses control with his bottom hand, goes aerially towards Raina at cover who dives foward and gets his hands comfortably under the ball.
1 run, tossed up, outside off, and he pushes this to cover and takes a quick single to Shreyas Iyer.
FOUR runs, slower ball, and he has got a hold of this, whipping it in the air towards deep backward square leg. Boult dives to his right, in going for the catch, but it lands just ahead of him, and goes through for four.
1 run, length-ball offbreak, worked to short fine for one.
no run, full outside off, driven firmly to extra cover.
FOUR runs, short of a length, not too wide, but he upper-cuts this over point. This one travels. Just one bounce into the fence.
no run, goes back expecting a short ball, but the late-cut finds the man at point.
1 run, short of a length, some turn, punched to deep cover for one.
1 run, slow, full, outside leg, some turn, pushed to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, crunched past extra cover. Short of a length and just outside off. Punches from the crease and it's in the air. But sufficiently to the fielder's left.
FOUR runs, pulled through square leg now, the bowler switching his length up and Dhawan waiting deep in the crease expectantly. The timing and placement are spot on.
no run, full, wide and just inside the wide line this time. the batsman reaches out to beat point but can't lay bat to it.
1 run, length around off, goes back and works it towards square leg.
SIX runs, Pulled over deep square leg and it just clears Parag on the rope! Short drag down, it said 'hit me', he hammered it flat over square leg, Parag jumped up on the rope but it just carried over him!.
no run, flatter and punched square from the crease.
1 run, on a length, into the pads, pushed to deep midwicket for one.
OUT, knocked him over But the batsman has done his job. Slower ball has got him. Off-cutter that pitches on off, the batsman was anticipating a quick and short one perhaps, had cleared his front leg to go over cow corner. Too early into the shot and connects with air. The ball connects with the middle stump.
1 run, pulled, one bounce to deep square leg.
no run, slower ball, short of a length and into off stump. Looks to slide that down to third man but gets it to the keeper.
1 run, another googly but short outside off, the batsman goes deep in his crease and pulls it hard and flat in front of square but can't beat Ben Stokes at deep midwicket.
no run, off the pad and onto the back of the bat as he completes the follow through on his flick. Completely outfoxed by an offcutter on his pads.
no run, another googly, outside off, another attempted cut, another play and miss. Watching this, a lot of teams are going to throw their wristspinners at the batsman.
no run, well bowled! Attacks the batsman with the straight bouncer. the batsman ducks underneath that.
1 run, full-toss outside off, jabbed down the ground towards long-on, off the inside half of the bat.
1 run, down the wicket, yorks himself up, digs this out hard and the bowler lets it slip through his hands for a single.
FOUR runs, chipped to the midwicket boundary. Slower ball at a good length, on middle. Looks like midwicket was in and he just looks to get it there. Would have been caught with a fielder in the deep, but this is one bounce over the line and very deliberate.
1 run, helped along one bounce to Tahir at fine leg.
no run, slower offcutter outside off, back of a length, kicks up, the batsman checks his punch and pushes to the covers. Only 25 runs off the last four overs.
1 run, quick length ball, driven to long-on for one.
1 run, punches this googly towards deep midwicket.
1 run, on a length, just outside off, the batsman pushes at it, is hit on the inner half of the bat.
FOUR runs, fuller around off, and the batsman goes over the bowler's head, struck hard, Hooda sprints across from long-off, puts in a desperate dive but cannot reach there.
1 run, good tumbling stop by Shreyas Iyer at midwicket. too full and clipped nicely by the batsman, but Iyer ensures it's only a single.
no run, flat outside off, the batsman misses a hard sweep and the ball just misses off stump. But Karthik whips off the bails nice and quickly. But has he got back in time? Yes. That's fine. He's safe.
1 run, tossed up, at the pads, and the batsman flicks this towards midwicket.
1 run, full on off, and the batsman walks down the ground to cut the angle. Smacked to wide long on once again.
SIX runs, Sharma out of the ground! Good length ball fired in at off stump, he's down the pitch quickly and uses his reach and long arms to pump it straight over the bowler.
1 run, fuller on the stumps and driven towards long-on for one.
1 run, too short and the batsman clobbers a pull shot again, but long-on tidies up to his right.
no run, length ball that turns into Kishan. He defends after being trapped in the crease.
1 run, fifty for Faf. Their best batsman this season keeps on going. Full and wide outside off, opens the face and runs it down to third man's right.
no run, gets this fuller. Still short of a length, and punched to mid-off.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut away to backward point for a run.
no run, length and in at leg stump. Wants to flick but that's slammed the bat before he knows it. Rolls feebly into the leg side.
2 runs, full outside off, slices it aerially to sweeper cover's right.
5 runs, another risky run, this time they'll get four more because there's no one backing up. Faf had to put in a dive to beat De Kock's throw from behind the stumps. No one covering that from mid-on. This was another slower ball from the bowler, bunted behind the stumps. Even before Faf looked up, Watto was off, so he had no option but to go. It's all happening!.
no run, full, fast, 147ks, some movement away. Beats the outside edge.
OUT, superb diving catch from Karthik. Keeps his head in the game as his ship sinks. Short ball at middle stump, looks to pull and gets yet another top edge. this goes towards Lynn at short fine, who moves away as Karthik runs backwards and stretches to his right to hold on, before sliding to arrest the momentum. Top class.
no run, back of a length and just a shade outside off, nearly 140ks, cramps the batsman for room, chopped to cover.
no run, has he got him? Foxed him with this googly. the batsman played for the one that spins back in and was struck on the back pad. May have pitched outside leg.
no run, excellent take down leg by Saha. Bhuvi gets the direction wrong. Sprays this length ball down leg, brushed the thigh pad on the way to the keeper.
1 run, swept away to deep square lg for one.
nan
OUT, straight through him! That's the perfect arm ball if there is one. 99kph, skidding straight on and hitting the top of middle stump before the batsman can gauge what's happened. He's driving for the turn, on the rise, outside off. It skids straight on.
no run, lunges forward and defends.
1 run, whipped from outside off to midwicket off the back foot.
SIX runs, and this is why he was trying to stay out of the batsman's reach. he bowls straight, overpitches slightly, and the batsman lofts this over long-on. Not the cleanest of the batsman strikes, but this ground is not big enough.
1 run, good length outside off, nice flowing drive on the rise to long-off's left.
OUT, he's guided it straight to slip! Oh this is turning bad very fast for Punjab. Short of a length ball outside off and he's looking for the single to third man. It's not done too much - no crazy movement, no extra bounce. It's just a supremely placed shot to Kohli at second-ish slip.
no run, full and outside off, mistimed drive to mid-off.
FOUR runs, put away. Back of a length, too straight, angling into the hip, and the batsman uses the pace and helps it away to the left of short fine leg, with a wristy half-pull.
1 run, full and straight, played to mid-off with soft hands. They get a single.
SIX runs, length ball on middle stump, the batsman creates swinging room outside leg and smears it over extra cover. Hit flat and hard for a six.
no run, beaten on the outside edge. Short of a length and this one moves away from the seam and past the attempted punch.
no run, just short of midwicket! It's 138 kph, hurrying Kishan for pace. He looks to pull, but all he can manage is to splice it away.
no run, KL Rahul thinks he's got an edge and celebrates. No other Kings XI player is appealing, R the bowler isn't moving. De Kock went for the cut outside off as the ball turned away and looks like he didn't get anything on it.
no run, quickish wrong'un turning in towards off stump. Gets on the front foot and blocks watchfully.
FOUR runs, races away to the boundary like a?    . TRACER BULLET!  Short of length and angling away, the batsman stood tall and slapped that behind point. Woah, delightful timing and placement.
FOUR runs, terrific batting. the batsman jumps out of the crease, the bowler goes wide on the crease and tries to get him stumped with a wide, but he ends up driving it over extra cover again. Lovely hands.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched to long-on off the back foot.
2 runs, lands it short this time, and DK pulls it square for two more.
no run, flat outside off, driven to cover.
no run, good length on off, and the batsman misses again! If this were baseball, he'd be struck out. Tried to defend it towards cover off the back foot.
FOUR runs, short and wide. Waits for it to arrive. Opens the face very late to get it past point.
1 run, slider, back of a length on middle stump. Drags it to deep square's left with a pull off the inside half.
1 run, good length on leg stump, pushed to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, length at the stumps, makes room to try and chop but this cramps him. Under-edge into the point region.
1 run, full, middle and leg, Dhawan sweeps. Just a touch too full to be sweeping but he gets the bottom half of the bat on it in time.
2 runs, short, wide, and he cuts this towards backward point. Some work for the man at deep extra cover to do, and they come back for two.
1 run, overpitched on leg stump, and that's been driven inside out to Narine at mid off.
1 run, length ball on off stump, gets on the front foot to push into the gap between extra-cover and cover point.
1 run, good length and just outside off, pushed to point's right with soft hands.
no run, tossed up wide, the batsman, being short, can go back and cut, but he fails to beat short third man.
1 leg bye, slower ball, on a length, into the pads, beats his pull, concedes a leg-bye.
no run, length outside off, nice tight line, the batsman looks to cut but doesn't have the room and is beaten.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length and wide outside off. Cut to sweeper's right.
no run, quick length ball outside off, left alone.
no run, lobbed up on middle, spins in, nurdled off the pads to Watson at short fine leg.
no run, short ball, and he ducks under this one. Well bowled. the batsman probably thought this was going to go down the leg side, but it follows him and is a dot ball! Gold dust!.
1 run, full ball, and that's been driven past the bowler to long on. They walk across for the run.
FOUR runs, the extra ball, a cruel one too, has been lofted through the line over mid off. Length on off, the batsman went through to clear the infield.
FOUR runs, slower length ball but this one is closer to the batsman who clears his front leg and swings it towards deep midwicket, one bouncer and over the rope.
1 run, a length delivery outside off, pulled away to deep midwicket for one. Not quite timed.
no run, full, slow, middle and leg. the batsman thinks of the big one, but reins himself in and defends this back.
1 run, good length, but a bit too straight and Rohit works this in front of square.
1 run, full and just outside off, stays leg side and crunches this. Finds sweeper cover.
no run, cramps him with a full delivery on middle, from around the wicket, the batsman blocks it.
2 runs, low full toss, outside off, driven extra cover. Garg has a shy, and concedes an overthrow.
1 run, full on off, punched down to long-on.
to Agarwal, FOUR runs, lovely shot. Cross-seam, length ball, outside off, he drives on the up, and past extra cover. All along the ground.
no run, on a length, wide outside off, slight swing back in, patted away to cover again.
no run, length outside off, tapped into the off side with an open face.
1 run, good length at middle stump, nudge to long-on.
FOUR runs, swung away leg side. This was a knee-high full toss and he clobbered that to the square leg boundary. Suspect Mohit was looking to bowl a yorker.
1 run, holds in the pitch does this 139 kph delivery and the batsman has to keep his shape a second longer so that he can crack the ball through to the sweeper cover.
SIX runs, swiped over the long leg boundary. Good length ball at leg stump, gets low on it and clears the infield. On this ground, you only clear the infield at a decent height to get six.
no run, and again. Another short, rising ball outside off. Wide enough to cut but too fast and too bouncy for the new man, who still hasn't got a measure of the conditions. He goes hard at it, but can't make contact.
1 run, good length and into the pads, flicked out to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, back of a length, flat trajectory, whips across the line between midwicket and long-on.
1 run, slower ball, overpitched wide outside off, and drilled to cover for a single.
1 run, overpitched on leg stump, and that's been flicked to fine leg to get off the mark.
1 run, good length at middle stump, backs away and mistimes the loft to extra cover's right.
no run, full-toss on off, tapped back to the bowler, who dives to his right to stop the ball.
1 run, short of a length, tucked away off the hip.
OUT, yorked! Full and straight, and hey, Avesh has some words for the batsman after getting him out. Dre Russ couldn't care less. Turns around and walks back like the cool guy he is. Excellent death-bowling from Avesh. Earns him a big scalp.
1 run, back of a length and breaks away outside off, the batsman ventures deep in the crease and chops it away to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, whipped. So easy. Overpitched on the leg stump and he gets it wide of short fine.
FOUR runs, length ball but line is again outside leg, goes down and sweeps it over short fine leg for four more.
1 run, full, just outside off, and the googly is driven to long off. the bowler finishes on 3-12.
SIX runs, clean strike down the ground, sails over long off. Made room and simply hit through the line. Mind-blowing timing.
no run, quick bouncer, just outside off, pulled down to short midwicket.
1 run, full on off, he drives firmly down to straight long on.
1 run, googly dropped short, pulled to deep square.
1 run, ends his spell with a yorker. Aimed at leg stump, and squeezed back towards the non-striker.
no run, even slower, 85ks, some turn from leg to off. Defended.
no run, short of a length and just outside off, beaten on the chop.
1 leg bye, back of a length on leg, whipped off his hips to short fine leg.
1 run, short of a length outside off, jabbed into the covers.
1 run, good length and into leg stump. Whipped to deep midwicket off the back foot.
FOUR runs, finally a boundary attempt, and it comes from the batsman. Drills a rocket past du Plessis at non-striker's end for a straight four.
2 runs, slower ball on middle, a low full toss that dipped on the batsman, who seemed to have picked it up a little late but adjusted and pushed it to long-on.
no run, the one that moves the other way. Flat and wide, the ball moves away and beats the bat. Lovely bowling.
no run, the bowler draws an appeal for lbw on debut. Not given. CSK don't review it either. Good length and skidding back in, Parthiv hops, plays around his front pad, and does not make contact again. Height may have been an issue.
1 run, length, on the stumps, and he hammers it away towards deep midwicket.
SIX runs, Smashed flat and hard for six. Length ball, angling away from the batsman, he backs away outside leg, fetches it from outside off and smears it over the covers.
no run, short of a length and into the body. Pings off the thigh guard and to the keeper.
no run, punched but can't beat mid-off, refuses the single.
2 runs, short of a length outside off, steps out and looks for the pull but is cramped. It ends up a harmless chip well in front of long-on and they pinch a second.
1 run, good length on leg stump. No spin this time, and Dhawan pulls to deep midwicket for a walking run.
FOUR runs, the umpire's on the floor! Full on off, and that's been thumped down the ground. As straight as you can imagine, and I'm glad Rod Tucker ducked. Goes to the boundary in no time.
no run, full on off, and that's some sensible cricket on display. Defended off the front foot.
no run, short outside off, plenty of spin away from the bat, the batsman has to reach for it again and can't time it this time.
1 run, floated full on middle, tails away just a touch, driven to long off.
1 run, length at middle stump, tapped through midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, full and on off stump, works it down to long-on.
OUT, taken at mid-off! The collapse continues. Look, they left left the wristspinners out with a mind that the bowler would bowl to the batsman. He comes on right away too and gets him, but the batsman has played a really poor shot here. It's a length ball wide outside off, he wants to crash that through the off side, but his front leg is not far enough down and his weight is no transferred into it at all. Weak chip to the fielder. Through the shot too soon.
no run, struck in the grille. Short ball gets too big for him as he looks to hook that. Bowler checks on him, umpire checks on him, and he's on his feet and ready to go.
no run, good length on the stumps, defended back to the bowler.
2 runs, length ball on middle and leg, whipped away through square leg. the batsman hurtles back for the second. Dhoni fumbles the take.
1 run, low full toss, angling in, driven to long-on for one.
no run, slower ball at a length on leg stump, flicked to midwicket.
no run, a slower ball on middle and leg, swatted away to square leg. Just two runs off the over, now Delhi under some pressure.
1 run, charges early, he drags the length back and cramps him, Dhawan knocks it down and Iyer calls him through for a well run single.
no run, gets slightly squared up by this back of a length delivery and ends up dropping it just in front of the bowler.
1 run, googly, on a length, shuffles and works against the turn to midwicket.
no run, big full toss! Nearly driven back to the bowler, took the batsman by surprise, pushes it straight down the pitch.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and he mistimes a cut to cover point. They scamper across for a single.
FOUR runs, past Bairstow and straight into the boundary behind him. Short and down leg side. Steps across and gently ramps this.
1 run, on a length, carrom ball, punched to deep square leg for one.
1 run, short, outside off, and he bangs this away towards deep midwicket.
SIX runs, length ball sliding into middle and leg, swung over deep square with an air of nonchalance.
no run, short on off, hint of turn away, the batsman goes for the pull, doesn't time it too well and mid-on dives to his right and keeps him on strike.
SIX runs, straight into the sightscreen! the batsman thinks the inning's over, and walking back into the pavillion, but he's asked to wait! One ball to go. It was a length ball, and wide outside off. Allows the batsman to open his chest and flat-bat it over the bowler's head.
1 run, tossed up wide outside off, taken on the full. Driven towards long-off for one.
no run, short of a length outside off, chopped to point.
1 run, short, wide, makes the batsman reach out and he can't because of the injury, chops it into the surface. And that's fifty for the batsman.
no run, full and slanting away outside off, tipped into the covers.
2 runs, top-edged and Malinga drops the catch. Is this the batsman's night? Length ball on middle, and the batsman was through his pull too early. In the air for a long time, but Malinga - at square leg - cannot cover the ground. Attempts a valiant dive, but the ball didn't even get his fingertips. Yikes.
1 run, good length, cramped at the stumps. Tapped to long-off off the back foot.
no run, the batsman nearly runs himself out. Hits this to point and charges down the wicket. It is Dhawan's call, and he is right to stand his ground. the batsman gets back in time.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, worked to leg for one.
2 runs, short of a length, slower, punched straight of long-off, and they came back for two for the batsman to retain the strike.
1 run, full on middle, and the batsman looks to sweep. Bat-pads the shot to short fine leg.
FOUR runs, thick outside edge to a full outswinger wide outside off. Feet rooted a tad, reaches out and opens the face late to get it past point.
no run, squared up by the length, eases this to Miller, who comes in from point.
SIX runs, smoked! Full on off, and he picks the legbreak well. Settles down on one knee and lifts this over Rashid's head.
1 run, length at leg stump, dropped into the leg side with soft hands.
2 runs, goes deep in the crease for the fuller one on leg and works it to leg for two more.
1 wide, wide on the crease, big angle down the leg side. Wide.
1 run, good length on the stumps, punched to mid-off and they set off for a quick run. Williamson runs in and under-arms it directly to the stumps while diving forward, but the batsman had made his ground.
1 run, oh this is in the slogging zone, Dhawan tries the sweep, but gets a bottom edge for a single to deep square leg.
no run, short and skids on outside off, chopped only as far as point.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off, and cut away to deep extra cover.
SIX runs, but the batsman still believes! the bowler offers up a length delivery on the stumps, and the skipper just slams it straight down the ground. This ain't over yet.
no run, full on off, and going straight into the batsman's pads. Defended back to the bowler off the back foot.
1 run, back of a length on off, and he rocks back to pull. Mistimes the shot to the man in the deep.
no run, short of length around off, goes back and pulls but straight towards midwicket.
1 run, full and wide, hit wide of mid-off for one.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length at leg stump. Whipped on the bounce to deep square.
no run, length ball around off and middle, pushed towards short midwicket.
no run, flighted full outside off, and driven well to cover. Straight to the man though. That could've been the breakout shot.
no run, lbw appeal, but this will be sliding down leg. the batsman rarely gets lbw even though he does shuffle across his stumps - like he does here. Length ball, pitching outside off, seaming into the right-hander. It's rare that the batsman misses the flick but he survives.
no run, hurried for pace? 142 kph, back of a length outside off. the batsman wants to pull but is nowhere near the shot. The ball splices to mid-on, doesn't carry.
1 run, full on middle stump, drilled along the ground to deep midwicket.
no run, yorker, outside the tramlines, but Hardik's walked across to the off side, so it isn't called a wide. Hardik, for his part, could not connect with the attempted slice.
OUT, got him first ball after the break! What a return for this guy. Once again, it's that wristy release that looks like it'll be a legcutter, but goes straight on. It's flicked off the middle finger, cross-seam. Will not spin inwards. the batsman looks to flick, an indication that maybe he was looking for the one that comes in when it's delivered like that. But it gets the top of the bat and floats back to the bowler whose little fairytale now has the batsman as a lead character.
no run, length ball, and he looks to flick this. Seemed to stop a bit, as he played it towards short midwicket.
1 run, very quick and full outside off, driven to long-off.
FOUR runs, these are fortunate runs. Quick length ball, skids through under his shot. Oh it gets a bottom edge onto the thigh pad, and it beats short third man.
1 run, a slower delivery around off, worked away to deep square leg for one.
no run, goes back to a length ball angling into off stump, defends into the covers.
1 run, angles in a length ball from wide of the crease, worked to midwicket.
no run, slogs and misses. Through the stroke early, beaten completely by this slower delivery.
no run, slower ball at a length on middle stump, looks to flick and is beaten. Cops it on the body.
FOUR runs, length but on the pads, helped past the short fine leg with a short-arm jab.
1 run, short of a length, wide, slow, and he hits him back over his head for a single.
no run, quicker one at a length just outside off, punched to extra cover.
1 run, good length at middle, punched to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, back-of-the-hand slower ball. Full and floating outside off. Slogged to long-on's right.
OUT, overpitched full outside off, and the batsman sticks his bat out. It takes the toe end of the bat, and then lobs into the air. Straight to short third man and the bowler finally gets a wicket.
(no ball), nails him with the sweetest siren of a yorker! It is irresistible. Except for one tiny problem - it's a no-ball for only three fielders being inside the circle. There needs to be at least four. And as a result, the batsman, who was bowled neck and crop by a ridiculously cool yorker on middle from round the wicket, gets a florgin free hit now.
SIX runs, straight over the bowler! He was looking, perhaps, to go over mid-off. But he hasn't picked the slower ball from the bowler. Luckily for him, not too much pace off that ball and it pings off the middle with his extension and comfortably clears the straight boundary.
1 run, angling into him from around the wicket on a length, tucked off his pads to square leg.
FOUR runs, helps it wide of short fine. Low full toss at leg stump, gets down on a knee and uses the pace from the quicker one to ramp it to the long leg boundary.
2 runs, the batsman keeps enjoying good fortune. He skips down the wicket, Rashid bowls a wrong'un, he goes towards deep midwicket, but doesn't get the distance. Shankar runs to his right. Does the hard work and gets to it, but can't hold on to the catch. Think it hits his chest and pops out, and he slips, which means he can't take the rebound either.
no run, short of a length on off stump, whipped to midwicket.
1 run, pushes through the Bosie, rags in as the batsman goes back and clips it off the pads for his first run.
no run, angles it in nicely towards the stumps, the batsman blocks it back.
1 leg bye, nasty bouncer. Quick and hostile on target, pinged the batsman right on the helmet. He was too late to react or move out of the way, and it loops up to the keeper, they take a leg bye.
no run, short, and he goes back and punches this, but cannot beat the man at extra cover.
no run, a googly from Rashid in response, length around off, the batsman punches it towards extra cover where Williamson's slide keeps it a dot.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked straight to mid-on.
2 runs, good length outside off, and DK walks down the wicket. Punches to deep extra cover thereafter.
2 runs, nicely placed by the batsman, into the acres of space on the leg side with midwicket on the fence. In fact, there's even time enough for them to rush back for a second.
no run, good length outside off, pushed to extra cover off the front foot.
nan
1 run, gets forward to block behind third man.
1 run, full and drifted into the pads. Leans in and flicks to deep square.
SIX runs, stays still this time and uses the angle to swipe this over square leg. Good length and onto leg stump. Got the front leg across and swept from under that.
no run, good length just outside off, punched into the covers on the rise.
1 run, fuller on the pads, turned to square leg.
1 wide, slower short ball but way over the batsman's head.
FOUR runs, wow that is some flourish. the bowler has done well here with a legcutter short of a length and wide of his reach, but the batsman has helioptered it along the ground between mid-off and extra cover.
FOUR runs, nicely done! Length outside off, comes forward and drives it on the up, over extra cover, holds the pose as well.
1 run, yorker on off, and that's been fended down the ground to the man at long on.
1 run, good length just outside off. Punched off the back foot to long on. Successful over from the bowler.
1 run, very full outside off, shapes for the slog-sweep but it goes quite straight towards long-on.
no run, good length on off, and extra bounce! Hits the batsman's gloves, as he tries to defend. That must've stung.
1 run, length ball outside off, comes forward and guides it towards third man.
FOUR runs, and the batsman gets into the act now, tossed up, too full and outside off. He gets the chance to extend his arms and drills it past the bowler and into the straight boundary.
1 run, extremely full outside off, carved over the in-field to the right of sweeper cover who gets around it.
no run, short and wide outside off, cut on the bounce to backward point.
1 run, tucks the ball with the angle to leg for one.
OUT, there's a sound on it and bowler and keeper are convinced. They convince Kohli to review the catch behind appeal. It's a short ball at middle. Curran is backing into the off side for the ramp and there's a sound as ball passes glove and sails over the stumps. Early visions of the replay show this is a good review .And Ultra Edge confirms there's an edge on that.
1 run, low full toss, can't get under it, just the single to long-off.
no run, big lbw appeal is turned down. A slider at a length, onto leg stump. Can't get the flick away. Probably sliding down leg. Yes it is.
no run, nervous feet from the batsman and a slight loss of shape as he fends this away. A short of a length ball in the corridor.
1 run, short, wide, and flat, slapped over the in-field, on the bounce to sweeper cover.
1 run,  oh, no. Dinesh Karthik has dropped that!  Tough chance, did most things right, except hold on. the batsman gets a leading edge as he looks to whip this to the leg side, DK leapt high like a goalkeeper but just couldn't take it cleanly.
1 run, wide of the crease, tossed on middle, the batsman presses forward and drives to long-on.
no run, full on off stump, driven with the turn to cover.
1 run, good length and down leg side, shuffles and paddles to short fine's right.
no run, backs away as the good length offbreak comes in with the angle. the batsman punches it to cover.
1 run, wrong 'un, and he goes back and flicks this towards deep midwicket.
1 run, slower ball floated up at off stump. Reaches the pitch and flicks through midwicket.
no run, nearly chops on. Short and just outside off, looks for the cut and it skids onto the under-edge.
SIX runs, short, and this is even bigger. Muscled over deep midwicket! This is the batsman unleashed. the bowler can't afford to bowl that length, he needs to be much, much fuller.
no run, the bowler throws himself to his left to stop this front-foot drive from the batsman.
no run, beaten. Length and sliding in from outside off. Rohit opens the face and looks to chop behind square on the off side.
1 run, slower again, worked to leg for one.
1 run, short of a length, straight, tucked off the hip for one.
1 run, back of a length on middle and cramps the batsman for space. Forced to tap back towards the non-striker for a quick run.
no run, good length legbreak at off stump, defended to backward point off the outside edge.
1 run, quick and full again, hit down to long-on for one.
SIX runs, too full, too straight and banged over long off. Hitting right out of the top drawer. Reach, height and timing - everything perfect for that stroke.
no run, good length at middle stump, driven down the pitch off the front foot.
1 run, length ball angled in at off stump. Skips across and whips to deep square.
1 run, here comes the short ball, not a bouncer, and the batsman taps it with a horizontal bat to midwicket.
no run, floated up outside off, driven to cover.
1 run, looks to swing over midwicket, but mistimes this waist-high full toss down the ground.  Morris has a quizzical look on his face .
SIX runs, the bowler goes back to bowling off-pace, and the batsman is prepared this time. The issue with this slower one is that is too full, and the batsman stays deep in his crease to loft this over long-on for six. Breaks the 11-ball boundary drought.
SIX runs, seven off the first ball. Full outside off, the batsman gets underneath the length and gets enough to clear long-off. Not the best of timing, but enough.
no run, length ball angled across him, left alone.
1 wide, full and wide, too wide. the batsman is standing his ground.
1 run, slower ball outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, full wide yorker, he gets a bottom edge off the toe, Pant makes a great stop to save four as it skidded low to his right!.
1 run, length on the pads, clipped away neatly to fine-leg.
no run, full and just outside off at 149.4kph. Deep in the crease and respectfully defended.
FOUR runs, good length on leg, and too easy for the batsman. Goes deep into his crease, and pulls it over the square-leg umpire! His fifth fifty-plus score this season.
no run, low full toss wide outside off, steps out and completely misses the slash outside off.
no run, short of a length, on-pace, 136ks, the batsman beaten on the punch. This is hurting RR, and the batsman needs to find a way here.
1 run, full and wide outside off, gets down on a knee to try and crunch this through the covers but he gets it off the toe-end. A slower ball too.
FOUR runs, full, wide, and he slashes this over point. One bounce to the backward point fence!.
no run, back of a length and outside off, the batsman lets it through.
FOUR runs, smoked past his left hand! Samad almost taking evasive action. Tossed up full outside off, stride down and bludgeoned at hip height. Just as well he didn't get a hand on that. Long-off can't get near it.
2 runs, overpitched on the toes, sweet connection on the flick to deep square's left.
1 leg bye, short and angling into the hips, deflected to fine leg.
no run, offcutter to draw a dot to end the over. Just short of a length, and beats his push in front of off.
FOUR runs, backs away, the bowler drops this just a touch short but the result is the same as the batsman flat-bats this over mid-off. The angle brought it in, the batsman, it appeared was cramped for room, but he manufactured the stroke by opening his wrists to get this up and over.
OUT, taken. the batsman picks out backward point. Another wide yorker, the batsman gets underneath the length but all he successfully does is chip a slice to the fielder. A comfortable reverse-cupped catch.
1 run, Shaw exposed in the field again. This run is not on as Pandya dabs this towards point who is in tight. Imagine if Shaw picks this up and runs Pollard out, you have a new batsman on strike. But he doesn't pick this up clean.
1 run, good length and just outside off, cut away from him. Patted to backward point.
OUT, that is plumb. Or looks plumb anyway. Two in two for SRH. Full and in at middle stump. the batsman plants the front leg well across and looks to sweep him. Caught in front of middle stump. Didn't come off at all for the batsman tonight. That looked like a carrom ball from Sharma. Certianly the knuckles involved anyway. Seam pointed towards first slip.
no run, on a length, slight seam back in, or he possibly ran his fingers on it. Bowled at 135ks, so seems more like seam. Kishan has to defend.
1 run, pushes forward early into a length ball and chips a punch in the air, towards long-on.
1 wide, slower ball, but short outside off. the batsman thinks about pulling but chooses not to go through with the shot. Good choice. Earns him an extra run.
1 run, slower ball on off, really full pushed towards cover for one.
FOUR runs, clears short fine. Short ball into the hips, uses the angle to swipe it just past the fiedler's jump.
1 run, worked towards long-on for a single.
no run, mistimes an attempted punch back to Shardul. Looked to flay this through point.
no run, slash and a miss. Tried to smack the cover off the ball, beaten. Into the stroke too early.
1 bye, wiiiild! Back of a length on middle, and soaring over the batsman. QdK dives to his left to try and stop the ball, but the ball flies off his glove. An extra run for CSK.
1 run, driven hard to long-on for one.
1 run, slight turn, full, middle and off, pushed to long-off for one.
1 run, full on leg stump, he shimmies down the pitch and clips through midwicket.
no run, Curran is very lucky here. Bowls a plum half-volley, the batsman plays a lovely straight drive, but just too straight and into the wicket at the non-striker's end. The ricochet goes straight to mid-off.
1 run, minimal turn around off, backs away and carves a cut through backward point.
SIX runs, woah, a flat six over the covers! It was pitched up, no doubt and the batsman smoked that over the covers like he knew where that was coming and at what speed. What a shot!.
1 run, glides a shortish delivery outside off to deep third man.
1 run, length and turning into middle stump. Stays deep in the crease and pushes to extra cover's left.
no run, floated full on the stumps, defended back.
1 run, low full toss outside off, driven to long-off's left.
FOUR runs, full and just outside off, stays still this time, allows it to arrive in his swinging zone and belts it past mid-off.
FOUR runs, gets it past mid-off! Low full toss at leg stump, backs a long way into the leg side and opens the face. Gets this off the low part of his bat but it bounces past Warner's dive to the right.
(no ball) 1 run, on a length, angling in, worked to leg for one.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, punched to mid-off on the up.
OUT, big appeal turned down, but the batsman walks off! Short ball on the hips. A tentative nudge from the batsman, trying to tickle it fine. He gets a glove on it and Dhoni takes it down leg side. Walks off before Dhoni - who looked very convinced - can think of a review.
no run, good length and into the stumps, steps out and taps to mid-on.
no run, short of a length, straight, runs off the thick outside edge to point.
OUT, taken at long-on. Faf with the lob back in to take it on the second attempt. You'd pick him to be the man in that situation, wouldn't you? Certainly among the best in the world at this skill. Slog sweep for a length ball outside off, decently connected. Faf leaps up, lands inside safely, lobs it up, takes a quick step out and back into play and hangs on. Impressive knock from the batsman though, he's set it up nicely.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched to long-on off the back foot.
FOUR runs, unfortunate. Tyagi stays with the plan of bowling wide from wide on the crease. the batsman throws his bat at it, and the ball moves away to take the thick outside edge over short third man.
2 runs, again floats it up well away from the batsman, forcing him to reach out for a drive to sweeper cover.
1 run, wrists this length delivery to deep square.
no run, good length, slow and dipping at off stump. Bat-pad on the forward defence.
1 run, full on leg, and he clears his front leg to slog. Mistimes the shot to deep midwicket. Moeen's looking for the big shots now.
2 runs, wide length ball, driven in front of deep cover, comes back for two. That is crisp connection.
1 run, wide yorker to close the over out after one poor slot ball earlier in the over. Just the single. Good comeback. It is so important to make sure you don't go for 20-plus even if you get takes down early in the over.
OUT, taken at cover! Nabi runs to his right and takes this. Superb bowling this. A knuckle ball, good length and just outside off. Hangs the bat out at it and is completely beaten in pace. Chips it harmlessly into the off side.
1 run, good length, googly and going away outside off. Flicked through midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, punched down to long on as he jogs the single.
1 run, length ball on off, and flicked off his hips to deep midwicket for a single.
1 run, steers a back of a length delivery on and around off stump to deep point.
1 run, good length on leg stump, shuffles into the leg side and flicks to midwicket.
2 runs, run out chance missed because Khaleel is not at the stumps. Inexplicable, really, there was plenty of time. Warner, the long-on fielder, is furious. It's a length ball nudged towards long-on and the throw is on the bounce and adjacent to the stumps, but the bowler is backing up about a yard and a half behind.
to Rahul, 1 run, slower ball, full and wide, steered to deep point for one.
no run, googly at a length on middle stump, watchfully defended on the front foot.
no run, angles a length ball back into off, defended back to Umesh.
1 run, back of a length on middle, and cramps the batsman for space. But still he manages to clip it off his hips to deep backward square.
no run, drifts it away outside off this time, and Gowtham blocks off the outside of the bat.
no run, bouncer, wide outside off. Hopeful swing from under that but he can't get bat on it.
1 run, quick, length, outside off, punched to deep cover.
1 run, dug out to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, another perfect pull. This one a little higher - lifting up at his face - but he manages to keep it down. McClenaghan dives early this time -  a bit too early. Ends up pushing it away from his face as he's on the floor.
1 run, waits for the turn and then bunts this past midwicket.
OUT, and he has three wickets in three legal balls. Slower short ball again, the batsman looks to pull over midwicket but doesn't get any power into the shot. Caught at deep midwicket.
1 run, oh that seemed to slip out of his hand a bit, ends up as a full toss just below the waist on leg stump. Turned to midwicket.
2 runs, length ball, into the pads, clipped away to leg, yet another couple.
1 wide, and he pushes his first ball too far outside off, and it's called wide. McCleneghan reckons its a harsh call.
1 run, shortens his length a touch, dabs wide of point.
no run, full, and wide outside off. Tried the wrong'un, but doesn't jag back so much. Driven with the bat's open face to cover point this time.
1 run, length on middle, paddled to short fine.
no run, superb wrong'un, the batsman sweeps as usual and that turns in dangerously to just miss the off stump.
FOUR runs, slow-sweep to a flat legbreak, can't get under it, hits it flat and low to the left of deep midwicket. Samson takes the risk, charges at it and dives. Doesn't make it. Concedes four. Slight misjudgement, but you can't fault him here. He saw a chance to take a wicket and committed to it. Not a moment of hesitation.
no run, drifts in to sneak through the inside edge and hit the back pad. Drifting down.
no run, full and wide outside off, driven uppishly into the covers.
FOUR runs, now he goes over extra cover! He made them move sweeper cover to deep backward point and now he puts this full ball outside off right where that fielder might have stopped it. Just uses the angle. Remember how he struggled to get this exact angle away against Bishnoi in that famous match?  He's found a way.
SIX runs, slower balls worked for him so far but the bowler doesn't want to be too predictable and bowls one-pace. Except that he gets the length wrong and bowls in the slot. Kishan slogs this over wide long-on for a flat low six.
no run, on a length, on off, he opens the face, but can't place this wide of point.
1 run, full slower ball outside off, jammed to extra cover.
1 run, arm ball, short on middle, and worked off his waist to deep midwicket for a single.
SIX runs, the batsman finally middles one and launches it over the boundary. Tossed up outside off, he golf-swings it across the line and puts the ball over wide long-on. 36 off the last two overs.
FOUR runs, another overpitched delivery outside off, the batsman just uses what he's given and throws his arms at the width to get some free IPL runs. Smashed through cover.
1 run, good length but on the pads, paddle-flicked to deep square.
1 run, hoicked across the line towards deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, angling in, worked to leg for one.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched on the rise to short extra cover.
1 run, round the wicket, back of a length, the batsman leans back to leg and drives to long-off.
no run, length ball swinging away, wide outside off. Left alone.
no run, punched to cover.
no run, full outside off, beautifully tossed up, spins back into the batsman as he lunges forward and is struck on the front pad, but clearly outside the line as the stifled appeal from the keeper is promptly turned down.
no run, and the batsman moves the other way, backing away to create room. Curran goes wide outside off, and beats his attempt to cut.
4 leg byes, full down leg, it comes off pad and runs fine for four leg byes! Too straight from the bowler.
no run, short and pushed across his corridor. Very wide, in fact. Has a slash and is well beaten.
no run, the batsman shuffles across off and defensively bunts a length ball to short midwicket.
FOUR runs, short of length outside off, goes back and cuts, gets an outside edge that runs past short third man for four.
2 runs, offbreak, slow, on a length, punched straight of long-on for two.
2 runs, slower length ball outside off, the batsman slices it in the air, with an open face, to the left of deep point.
no run, nearly bowled! Good length on middle, but the batsman misses the reverse sweep this time.
no run, similar length and trajectory, the batsman defends back from the crease.
1 run, yorker, outside off, dug out to pint, and if Jaiswal hits the non-striker's end, Harshal is gone. He misses.
1 run, full delivery that tails away a hint from off stump, driven to deep cover.
FOUR runs, short, wide, de Villiers rocks back to cut this in front of square and beats the man at deep cover to his right.
no run, leading edge first up. Slow legbreak, starts from leg, and lands in front of point after hitting his edge.
OUT, given! the bowler strikes. Suryakumar has been given out lbw, will he review? Yes. He wants to check, did it pitch outside leg? No. Did it slide past leg? Was there some glove? There was no immediate review from Suryakumar, so he didn't think so. There's a thin spike on UltraEdge. HawkEye shows the ball is just clipping the side of leg stump. So Mumbai keep their review, but lose Suryakumar. He was looking for a sweep through square leg, but missed the ball. It pitched on leg and slid on.
1 wide, slower ball, wide outside off, well wide. Called too.
no run, on a length, no room, defended back to him.
1 run, length on middle, pushed to point for a quick single.
no run, yorker, middle and leg, dot.
2 runs, slower offcutter, on a length, the batsman picks it halfway trhough his drive but goes ahead with the shot and chips it over extra cover.
no run, length, angled in, skids on to the batsman as he pushes it to midwicket off the backfoot.
no run, just stops a touch on him, and AB shouts catch it. It falls short of the bowler, though.
1 run, on a length, tucked away off the hip for one.
1 run, short, and turning away from the batsman, who goes back and whips this towards wide long on.
no run, punches this length delivery to extra cover.
no run, experience showing here! Yorker on middle stump, and all the batsman can do is dig it back to the bowler.
1 run, full on middle, the batsman knocks it down to long-on.
no run, full toss, Dhawan hits this straight to mid-off. Just a touch too quick, gets hurried into this.
no run, and he switches back around the stumps for the left-hander, pitching it right up to him, Parthiv digging it out through gully.
2 runs, full toss, smacked towards deep cover where Shakib throws in a dive to cut that off.
1 run, pulled to deep midwicket for another single.
no run, short on off, and the batsman's wild leg-side slog doesn't come off. The pull is played through early and the ball sneaks under his bat.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut straight to backward point.
FOUR runs, superb. A bit of a dance to make room. the bowler marginally short of a length outside off and the batsman has done enough to free his arms and pummel him in front of point.
FOUR runs, gets one past mid-on. short and rising in the corridor. Looks to pull and gets this off the inside part of the bat too, but he's swung at it powerfully. Gets it to the fielder's right.
1 run, all over. A fuller one that curves in and the batsman whips it away off the pads to deep midwicket.
1 run, flat, into the pads, worked to leg for one.
no run, good length and just outside off, jabbed into the covers.
no run, beaten on the drive this time. A slower ball, good length and outside off. Was looking to go aerial and through the line, over mid-off. It was a knuckle ball.
1 run, again, stays short of a length and wide outside off. Cut to deep cover for one.
no run, on a length, on off, defended with an open face. Somebody shouts a loud NO this time.
1 run, nicely bowled, the bowler bustling in and delivering a waspish full ball aimed at the off stump. the batsman does well to dig it out, and gets a single for his troubles.
1 run, full outside off, pushed to long-off.
1 run, makes room and it's slower again, heaves it to the leg side for one.
no run, nice and full, angling in at off, then swinging away slightly, the batsman covers up in defence.
FOUR runs, the batsman Kumar finishes the match with a swat through mid-on to put Kolkata Knight Riders on the board, toppling KKR with a four-wicket win at the Eden Gardens. .
1 run, full, middle and leg, drilled down to long-on.
1 run, slow offbreak, short of driving length, punched to deep cover.
1 leg bye, a quick delivery on leg, Sarfraz is beaten for pace, off the thigh pad into the off side.
1 run, drilled down the ground, long-on was too straight.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, steered to third man.
OUT, bowled him! Carrom ball, straightens towards off stump and skids off the pitch. the batsman was looking to stay leg-side of the ball and steer this down to third man. Ended up playing inside the line and the ball crashes into off stump.
no run, what a stop! That was destined to the boundary until  Agarwal  Mandeep Singh threw himself to his left at point to stop that back foot punch.
FOUR runs, top shot! Full at off stump, the batsman pings it straight of mid-on with the perfect drive.
1 run, slower ball at a length on middle stump, watchfully clips this past short fine.
1 run, slider at leg stump. Skidding in from a length and gets the inside half of the bat and dribbles past non-striker. He was looking to punch through the off side.
no run, yorker, on off, dug out for one.
FOUR runs, lovely shot too full outside off and he stayed in his crease to punch-drive it over cover. Great timing on that one.
1 run, short! Good length on middle, and the batsman's too slow to pull. Hits his bat's edge, and then ricochets onto his knee. That must've stung.
1 run, full on leg stump, steps out and flicks to deep midwicket.
2 runs, full just outside off stump. Pushed square off the front foot to the man in the deep.
no run, looped up outside off, the bat twists in Faf's hands as he presses forward and slices a drive to cover.
1 run, full and into the pads, flicked to deep midwicket to bring up his fifty. Ninth in a row against KXIP.
SIX runs, swiped over the square leg boundary! For his fifty. Attempted yorker is a friendly full toss on the pads and he helps it over the boundary with the angle. His first ever T20 fifty.
no run, full outside off, pushed to extra cover on the front foot.
no run, good length and in at the stumps, pushed to midwicket's left.
1 leg bye, seam movement as the batsman plays for the outswinger. Hit high on the pad, right in front, but not given out because of the height. Dhoni agrees.
1 wide, full toss down the leg side, loses his radar, perhaps because the batsman was moving around the crease a lot.
1 run, length ball angled in at leg stump, gets on the back foot and taps it to deep midwicket.
2 runs, floated up on the leg stump, clipped away through backward square for a double.
1 run, short of a length, the batsman gets inside the line to nudge this to leg.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, comes forward and drives it towards wide long-on.
OUT, what a catch by Kohli! DK lofted it straight down yet again, Kohli's eyes spot it and he sprints across full speed in front and to his left from long on. Puts in a full-length dive just in time and gets both his hands under the ball.
no run, short of a length, closer to the stumps, punched to extra cover.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and easily thumped down the ground to long off for a walking single. You'd think the batsman would be happy to get off strike.
no run, past the edge. Length ball in the corridor, cuts across with the angle. the batsman pokes on the front foot.
FOUR runs, tossed up, on the pads, and he hits this towards deep midwicket. The man at long on, KL Rahul, gets to it, and misfields. Oh dear. Gets nutmegged by the ball!.
OUT, drags on! the bowler comes down from 150 clicks to a mere 111 and it bamboozles the batsman. Comes out the back of the hand, concentrates on pitching it short - which is because the batsman's mind reads the length instinctively but doesn't always catch the pace  - the batsman is into the pull way too early and the ball ricochets off his bat into the base of the stumps. Top class bowling from a top class talent. Ed Smith, are you watching? (He and the other England selectors pick their World Cup squad tomorrow).
no run, taken at mid-on. the batsman backs away and looks to pull this from outside off. Gets it straight to the fielder off the toe-end.
1 run, tossed up at off stump, leans in to drive to sweeper cover.
1 run, length ball on the pads, tucked away behind square for one.
no run, short and just outside off, mistimed cut to extra cover.
1 run, quick sharp skiddy short ball, keeps the pull down for one.
1 run, full, flat, angled in, worked to leg for one.
FOUR runs, bouncer from the bowler, the batsman is not in control of the pull, but he has sent this straight enough of the deep midwicket fielder. Yorks the boundary triangle.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, turned away behind square for one.
1 run, shorter slower ball, he pulls firmly with control along the ground to deep square.
no run, tossed up full on off stump, allows it to land and jams it out to extra cover.
FOUR runs, good length and onto the hips. Stays tall and allows this on before whipping it to the square leg boundary.
no run, short on leg stump, and the ball soars over the batsman's head. He happily gets under the line of this delivery.
FOUR runs, moves across to the leg side and slashes a length ball just outside off stump. That went like a bullet through the point region!.
1 run, slider outside off, forced down to long-on for one.
no run, back of a length and outside off, the batsman reaches out for the ball and edges it onto the ground. The ball hits Parthiv's foot.
1 run, full and angling into a little chip to long-on.
FOUR runs, swats him in front of deep square. Short and up at the ribs. Wrner quickly gets the head out of the way, doesn't bother to keep that down. One bounce and over the line.
2 runs, on a length, middle and leg, clipped to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, punched back, the bowler can't get across in time to stop it off his own bowling despite doing all the hard work in running to his right, down to long on.
2 runs, final ball strays into the pads, clipped away for a nice couple to deep square leg.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to deep cover for one.
no run, length and skidding at middle stump, looks to stab through the covers, gets an inside edge to short fine.
no run, Parag saves a few with a dive at extra cover as the batsman punches this shortish delivery.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, pushed to cover off the back foot.
no run, length at middle stump, steps out and can't get the flick away. Nudges it back down the pitch.
no run, on the back foot, dragging the length back, and worked back to the bowler. This is a very good over so far.
no run, flat and quick outside off, the batsman blocks.
1 run, nudged behind square on the leg side, to Gayle at short fine.
no run, pitched up outside off, squeezed to mid-off.
1 run, overpitched outside off, and he slices an attempted cover drive to the infielders on the off side.
1 wide, bouncer, outside off, 148ks, and he is wided on height.
no run, pushed through flat and full, the batsman digging it out back to the bowler.
no run, drilled down to long-off, but it doesn't matter.  SRH have arrested a four-match losing streak  and will play Chennai Super Kings in Sunday's final.  KKR's campaign has come to a shuddering halt .
no run, tossed outside off, and he looks to go big, and it eludes his outside edge. Not far from the tramlines, but the umpire gives him some leeway.
1 run, back of a length, mistimed pull to midwicket.
OUT, taken at long-off! Tossed up outside off, steps out and is not to the pitch of this. Closes the face on this and gets a leading edge that's taken easily. This is good bowling from the bowler. Went around the wicket and slowed it right down.
1 run, short of a length and wide outside off, cut on the bounce to third man.
1 run, lots of flight outside off, driven with the spin to long-off.
no run, play and a miss great ball. Angled in and moving away a touch, the batsman wanted to drive it, ends up not connecting, and it just missed the outside edge.
no run, full delivery outside off, a thick outside edge down towards gully.
no run, full on off, and the batsman attempts the reverse sweep. Mistimed to point. Excellent start to the second over from Axar.
no run, gets across the stumps to go over the leg side, changes his stroke and defends to the off side.  Confusion, confusion.  the batsman calls for the single, stops. DK is three-four steps forward and then turns back. All good in the end.
1 run, full toss down the leg side, but the batsman just pushes this to deep square for one.
FOUR runs, flat! the batsman clears his left leg and smears a length delivery over extra cover. The ball never got over a few metres in height, but it crashes into the boundary marker on the full   or just in front of it perhaps, as it's given as a four.
no run, tossed up wide, the batsman tries the big sweep, but is beaten.
no run, slower one, on a length outside off, and the batsman is beaten.
1 run, full on off, and spinning into Hardik. He gets down on one knee, and slog sweeps. Takes the top edge, but lands safe behind square.
1 run, tossed up, and he plays this with a straight bat towards long off.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, forced to the leg side past the left of the bowler.
1 run, full, angled into him and dips on him, flicked through square leg.
SIX runs, finally the batsman gets the timing. the bowler hasn't done much wrong, but the batsman goes deep and makes room to loft a length ball over long-on. Perhaps needs to be a touch shorter?.
FOUR runs, these batsmen know they need runs here so they are not fooling around. Makes room, gets a length ball, and he goes inside-out over cover for four.
2 runs, back of a length and angling in at middle stump, no swing, the batsman sits back and punches between midwicket and mid-on.
1 leg bye, slower ball, short of a length and into the pads. Deflected into the leg side as he looks to play the glance.
FOUR runs, oh that's unfortunate for the bowler, inside edge off a yorker length ball that goes to the fine leg boundary. Much needed for CSK though. the batsman wanted to shovel it to the leg side but ends up french cutting it. Still, magnificent by the bowler - 1 for 19 in four overs.
1 run, premeditated sweep that he misses, deflects off the pad to the off side. May gave got a thin edge, so there's a  half-century for Dhawan .
no run, good length at off stump, defended down the pitch.
no run, pretty full and outside off, tapped to point again. the bowler begins with two dots.
no run, leaves a skiddy length ball outside off, zips through to the keeper.
1 run, the batsman gives him the charge, Sharma shortens the length, and he drives this to long-on for one.
1 run, good length and just outside off at 133kph, nicely forward to defend into the covers.
FOUR runs, on the stumps, the batsman is down on one knee, hoicked over backward square this time! Another sweet connection, bounces away.
1 run, short and quick on leg stump and it results in a mistimed pull behind square leg.
1 run, falls short of long-off. Length ball just outside off. He can't get elevation as he looks to loft this straight.
1 run, looked like another googly, too full around off, Hardik hits it along the ground towards the left of deep midwicket.
no run, another wrong'un, and Pandya seems to have picked it as he goes towards wide long-off, but is beaten.
no run, full toss, outside off, and he crashes this towards cover. Moeen Ali stops this! RCB inch ever closer!.
FOUR runs, poor ball, put away duly. An overpitched delivery on leg stump and he brings out quick hands to whip this to the deep backward square boundary.
2 runs, lovely stop by Nortje at the long-off fence. Slower offcutter, the batsman lofts him down the ground, but Nortje runs to his left and sticks his left hand out to keep the ball in play.
nan
1 run, nice, juicy full toss outside off, but the batsman can't put it away. Miscues a drive to mid off.
FOUR runs, too wide, and the batsman goes back to cut him past the diving man at point. RCB still on for a 10-over finish.
no run, short of a length and turning away outside off, cut to cover point.
2 leg byes, good length on off, and spinning away from the batsman. Tries to sweep and he misses, but so does DK! More runs for CSK to collect.
1 run, down the wicket, to the pitch of the ball, drives it to wide long-off for one.
1 run, full slower ball outside off, looks to drive through cover and gets a thick inside edge into midwicket.
FOUR runs, looks to swing over long off, gets a thick outside edge that flies to the third man boundary. Streaky but it doesn't matter.
no run, length on off stump, defended back with soft hands.
no run, shorter, and it sits in the surface. Takes extra bounce, and beats his attempt to play to cover.
no run, length, and he plays this back towards Rashid.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length on middle stump. Pulled off the front foot but Krunal cleans up to his right at deep square.
1 run, full at middle stump, flicked uppishly to deep square's right.
no run, beaten as he steps out to flay this on the up over point.
OUT, looks for a ramp, leaves his stumps exposed, and he hits the middle stump with a seam-up low full toss.
1 run, another attempt at the ramp, and the bowler nails the wide yorker again, and it goes off the toe end towards straight midwicket for one.
no run, short of a length just outside off, punched to mid-off off the back foot.
1 run, cramped for room with this length ball, tucked off his hip to deep square.
1 run, flat and on a length, flicked out to deep midwicket.
no run, crunching drive but a super stop by Raina at cover. May have saved at least two runs.
SIX runs, and now he shows what happens when the batsman connects them. On a length, in the slot, on the pads, the batsman times this perfectly over long-on.
1 wide, wide down the leg side. the batsman will feel he has missed out on a boundary.
no run, length ball outside off. Gets down and looks for the reverse-whip. But he's through it early and cops it on the body.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, this time he manages to squeeze the back-foot jab a few yards to the right of cover.
1 run, short of a length, into the body, punched to deep midwicket for one.
FOUR runs, down the track and into the straight boundary. the batsman has had enough of jabbing and pushing, he dances down the track, gets to the pitch of the ball and hits it straight back over Moeen's head an dinto the boundary.
1 run, full toss, on off, driven to deep cover for one.
1 run, length outside off, down the pitch and drives to long-off.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to long-off for one.
1 run, good length just outside off, and pushed with soft hands to cover point. They scamper across in a flash.
SIX runs, right in the slot for him, it's full, in his arc and the batsman dispatches that with tons of power on his favoured leg side. Goes a long, long way over wide long-on.
1 run, good length at leg stump, miscued slog to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, just short of a good length and outside off, the batsman drags a pull between long leg and deep midwicket.
no run, fuller, higher, on off. Defended back to him.
1 run, good length ball on middle, the batsman shuffles across off and flips it over to fine leg.
FOUR runs, short on middle and the batsman breaks the shackles with a short-arm pull.
1 run, on a length, around off, cutting away, pushed in front of point for another single.
no run, lift from the surface again and just eludes the batsman's gloves as he pokes at it tentatively.
no run, back of a length and outside off, looks like another slower one, Parthiv loses his shape, head, swings and still can't make contact.
no run, full, dipping, nearly a yorker, dug out back to him.
1 run, full toss down leg, and he tries the cut shot behind square on the leg side but the fine leg deep. Only the single.
1 run, full toss, about knee-high, swinging away a touch, the batsman gets a soft outside edge to short third man for one.
1 run, on a length, outside off, dropped into the covers for one.
1 run, full on the pads, pushed to long-on.
1 run, dragged shorter and sliding away outside off, the batsman inside-edges a pull past leg stump.
no run, short and wide outside off, the batsman misses out on a scoring opportunity, slapping straight to cover.
1 run, short ball jumps up at him and he can't get in position for the pull. The ball plops into the turf in the square leg region.
no run, low full toss wide outside off, shapes away from late in the path and he gets this drive to extra off the toe-end.
1 run, pushes a slider in at a good length on middle stump. Parthiv makes room and pushes to mid-off.
no run, looped down on middle and leg, and the batsman misses his sweep.
2 runs, lifts it just over the infield on the off side. No, we have not switched to permanent bold tags to start commentary lines. the batsman living on the edge but doing a great job. Couldn't quite get under this overpitched bal and got it over cover off the toe-end.
1 run, belts this full toss to sweeper cover.
1 run, a top-spinner around off, goes back and punches it towards long-off.
1 run, short of a length, hurried into the pull, gets a single to long-on.
SIX runs, drilled over straight long-off. Good length ball at off stump, pushed through flat. Steps out and meets it on the pitch and then a clean lofted drive.
1 run, a shortish delivery on leg, punched to long-on for a run.
2 runs, fuller on the stumps, pushed to long on's left, but not hit too hard. They spot the opportunity for a second and run hard to take it.
1 run, full, outside off, drilled hard to long-on.
1 run, good length at off stump, punched to long-off, off the back foot.
no run, full on leg stump, looks for the flick and cops it on the pad.
SIX runs, that's out of the stadium, literally! Down the track and it was once again a wrong'un, the batsman makes the perfect connection this time and you could tell by the sound it made off the bat that it was going a long way.
FOUR runs, that is a super shot, even if not well timed. Back of a length outside off and he only gets a toe-end to it but hits with enough power to make it travel. And gets the placement perfect, right back over the bowler.
1 run, flatter and quicker this time, angling in towards the batsman, pushed towards wide long-on.
1 run, legbreaak, outside off. A touch too full and the batsman goes for the slog. The lack of turn means he ends up dragging this to long-on for one.
2 runs, safely clears point. Full and wide outside off. Throws his hands at that and it comes off the cue-end. Sweeper cleans up to the right as the batsman brings up his fifth fifty of the season and his third on this ground.
no run, full outside off, slides away a little, pushed to cover.
1 run, good length at leg stump, flicked to short fine's left.
2 runs, looks for the slog but the bowler follows him with a length ball. Dropped into the leg side for another couple.
FOUR runs, shuffles inside the line of the ball again, and helps it over square leg. Short on leg stump and with his premeditated movements, he's always going to pull that shot off.
1 run, OUT, Vijay Shankar could be out here! the batsman gets a length ball, and he skews an attempted slog over the cover region. It falls in a vacant area, and Shankar wants a second, but as he is turned down for the second, he turns but the throw beats him. Sacrifices his wicket for the greater good.
1 run, back of a length on middle, down the track and hacked away to long-on.
FOUR runs, backs away and lofts this cleanly into the gap at deep cover. Used the width superbly. Poor from the bowler, too short.
2 runs, outside edge goes off Kishan's gloves! The wrong'un again and the batsman went forward to defend but the turn took an edge and deflected off the keeper's gloves on the off side.
no run, beaten in flight but manages to cover this with the body and jab to extra cover. Good length ball sliding away outside off.
no run, fired it in on leg stump, he wants to whip it but misses, struck on the pads.
1 bye, beaten on the slog. Full dipping slower ball outside off, looks to go leg side and that's past him. They run through. Dhoni misses the stumps with his throw. the bowler picks it up and flicks onto the stumps at the other end, but third umpire confirms the batsman was in.
no run, tossed up on off stump, defended solidly on the front foot.
1 run, starts with a full delivery and the batsman drives it down to long off.
1 run, full, angling in, clipped to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, full and swinging away from the corridor. Closes the face on that and taps it to mid-on's left for his first run. Not much of a stride, but he is a tall man.
2 runs, good length and into the body. Nudges it towards mid-on where Siraj is too eager on the throw and misfields.
no run, tosses this up on off stump, and he drives this back to the bowler.
no run, short on off, but that's taken Hardik by surprise. Tried to pull, but it hits him hard on his right shoulder. That's gonna hurt. The physio's out and his brother comes to check on him as well.
FOUR runs, short and just outside off, opens the face and gets another late cut between backward point and third man.
1 run, glides the good length ball outside off to the right of point, where Gayle puts in a big, tumbling dive, saves a few runs and gets a few high-fives.
no run, makes room and squeezes out this yorker-length delivery to mid-off.
1 run, cutter on off, pushed into the covers.
2 runs, shortish and wide outside off, punched away past cover for a couple.
SIX runs, sliding down the leg side, and launched over backward square! Yeegads, the batsman's at it again!.
1 leg bye, back of a length on leg stump, looks to flick off his legs but only manages a bit of thigh pad on it, rolls into the square leg region.
no run, fires in a ball towards the middle and leg, and the batsman misses an attempted flick.
no run, skids back in from round the stumps to thud into the batsman's pads as he looks to whip this square.
1 run, slower ball, outside off, on a length, pushed to deep cover.
2 runs, fuller, outside off, driven to wide long-off for two.
1 run, short, and outside off, and he was looking to back away towards leg. In the end, he cracks it hard towards the ground and gets it down towards extra cover.
no run, skids through from length, Rohit gets a thick inside edge to midwicket.
FOUR runs, thick outside edge, flies past a vacant second slip to the third man boundary. There for the drive, he went with hard hands, ended up slicing it.
no run, shortish around off, tries to flick and the ball goes off the outside of the bat down the pitch.
FOUR runs, not the cleanest of the shots. Ladies and gentlemen, this is not a 53-for-1-in-PP pitch. the batsman is repeatedly getting done in by the slow nature of the surface. Gets a thick inside edge as he looks to go over the infield, but luckily it goes straight of midwicket in the circle.
FOUR runs, back of a length, wide outside off, and the batsman allows the ball to come to him, before slicing a shot over short third man! Ridiculous. Wristy.
1 run, full on middle and leg, and worked off his pads to deep midwicket. A walking single.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to third man.
no run, right back in the crease as he defends this incoming length ball to midwicket.
SIX runs, bang. the bowler's short balls have been fodder for the batsman. This one's outside off, gets up to chest height, and he opens up and heaves it away, high and handsome over the square leg umpire. Brings up his first fifty of the season.
FOUR runs, full outside off, and this time the slower ball has deceived the batsman beautifully. But the game's cruel, so Hardik will earn a boundary. Slices this drive over DK's head.
no run, good length delivery around middle and off, tapped towards point. the batsman hares down, Rahane sends him back in time.
no run, beaten on the pull. Short of a length and across the corridor, it's past his inside edge.
OUT, chipped to Hardik Pandya at long-on! Kings XI stuttering here. Another good slower ball, on middle and leg, an offcutter. the batsman tries to hit the ball straight and does so well. But the pace off the ball was responsible for the ball being chipped instead of hit. Easy catch.
2 runs, short of a length, turns away, punched wide of deep cover for two. Into the bigger side of the ground.
1 run, a slower one, fuller on the stumps, Nabi moves across a bit and flicks it behind square.
1 run, yorker at leg stump, backs into the leg side and pushes towards point.
SIX runs, spanked to the deep square boundary. Whew, those hands are moving rapidly tonight. It's a short ball at about throat height and he's over it quickly before pulling viciously. It's on its way down but it's over the line and makes a loud thump on the advertising board.
no run, short of a good length and quick in the corridor. Hurriedly punched back to the bowler.
1 run, back of a length around off, some extra bounce. Punched to long-on.
no run, googly, spinning into the corridor. He makes room to try and cut but this spins to take the under-edge and roll into the point region.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, the batsman stays put this time and pushes it to mid-off for a single.
1 wide, goes for the leg-stump yorker, ends up bowling it down the leg side.
no run, in the air again and once more falling short. Not as close as the previous one though. The bat turns in the batsman' hands as he tries to drill this fuller one away.
1 run, good length and just outside off. Chops it into the pitch off the under-edge and looks up to see Warner absolutley haring down for the run.
1 run, slower ball, full, on the pads, driven to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, steps out but mistimes this pull from outside off to deep square.
1 run, slower ball at a length on middle stump, gets deep in the crease and flicks to deep square.
FOUR runs, driven imperiously through extra cover. This is a touch ahead of length and Rohit leans forward to ease that between cover and mid-off. Pure timing, pure gold.
1 run, full outside off, and pushed past the cover fielder to Maxwell in the deep.
no run, shuffles across and blocks a length ball.
FOUR runs, length around off, comes forward and drives it on the up, through covers for four, a check drive.
SIX runs, ends with a sixer! But it doesn't matter for RCB. Full outside off, and the batsman slogs this over long off to finish the game on a semi-high. Royal Challengers Bangalore win by 14 runs!.
OUT, the bowler has his hands aloft in delight. the batsman attempts to clear short fine leg. No dice. He shows his ace early and shuffles across off stump. Mustafiz chases him with a short ball that gets big on the batsman. He miscues a scoop to Krunal Pandya. Not sure if the batsmen crossed over.
no run, ripper! Full outisde off and it's the wrong'un once again. Hits his front pad, but looks like impact is outside off. The appeal for lbw is turned down as well but Rashid has convinced his captain to review. Missing everything.
1 run, bottom edged again, the ball ricocheting off the bat and just past the stumps, and they pinch a single before the keeper's up.
OUT, What a catch by Pant! Full and wide of off, he swings as hard as he can, gets a thick edge, Pant flings his right hand high to his right and it sticks in the middle of the glove! Incredible reflexes.
FOUR runs, length ball, angling in, he gets inside the line and clips this through square leg and finds the gap perfectly.
1 run, length outside off, punched to extra cover, who lets it through and allows a single.
1 leg bye, short, around off, the batsman misses a pull as he looks to pull, off the thigh pad to third man.
SIX runs, And again! Even better and further over long off! Again very full and he just takes one step forward and lofts this through the line superbly.
1 run, the ball turns into him and he tucks it off the back foot to leg to get off the mark.
1 wide, slower ball gone wrong. Wide down the leg side.
1 run, length and into the body, flicked through square leg.
SIX runs, wide outside off again, but this time Yusuf's done waiting. Big stride forward, and then extends his arms to lift it over extra cover! Ridiculous.
no run, length outside off, seams away from the left hander, who has a poke at it and is beaten.
1 wide, floats a slower ball down the leg side for a wide.
1 wide, full but down leg and that'll be a wide.
no run, quickish legbreak outside leg, he cuts it straight to point.
1 run, full ball outside off, plants the front leg across into the off side and looks to flick. Gets it off the leading edge to long-off.
1 wide, another one. Same pattern - full and down leg. the batsman falling over into the off side trying to flick but that's fizzing past.
no run, length ball outside off, shuffles across to jab to backward point.
2 runs, good length on off stump, gets down and paddles it to fine leg's right.
nan
FOUR runs, short outside off, the batsman rocks back and cuts it between point and short third-man.
2 runs, tossed up full outside off, driven firmly to extra cover's right. Easy second for them.
1 run, full, angled across around off, makes sure to give himself enough room and drives to long-off.
no run, slants this nice and full on off, driven firmly to mid-off.
1 run, slower ball on middle and off, fairly full. Lets it come and opens his bat face to steer to deep point.
FOUR runs, pulled, this was destined to reach the boundary, but Kohli put out a sliding stop, or nearly. Slipped in trying to pull it back in and ended up parrying it over the boundary.
1 run, googly, short of a length and in at off stump. Punched to sweeper cover.
no run, slower ball, outside off, and the batsman finds the man at point. Six feet either side, and it might have been four.
no run, surprises him with the bounce and it lands safe between bowler and mid-off running in! short ball, the batsman was shaping to tuck it, but again denied room. And the ball just reared up, took his top edge and looped up. Perfectly in no-man's land.
SIX runs, lifted over deep square! Full toss angled into leg stump, allows that on and helps it over that fielder. Off the low part of the inside half, but it's good enough.
1 wide, googly that cuts back in to beat the thigh pad. Wide called, extra run.
1 run, low full toss on middle stump, flicked to midwicket's left.
no run, attempted ramp from the batsman, but he wears it on the glove. Leaning back, attempting to pinch a four through third man, but the slower ball did for him.
no run, Pandya looks to reverse-sweep the bowler, who slows it down, and beats him with a legbreak.
1 run, right into the blockhole, dug out in time, the ball rolls towards point.  First half-century in three games for the batsman .
2 runs, on-pace short ball, 139ks, upper-cut in front of square. Another couple.
FOUR runs, carts it over midwicket. Right, he's done his homework and decided whom to target, clearly. Down the track first ball, short of a length at middle and angled away from him. But it doesn't matter, he just goes through the line.
1 wide, flatter but way outside off, looks to smash it away but misses, called a wide, marginal call.
FOUR runs, full on off, and the batsman was ready for the slower ball. He walked across to the off side, and paddles this behind square. Beats the man at square leg, and the sweeper fielder can't cut it off either.
no run, short of a length, shapes in to middle and off, defended to the on side.
OUT, the bowler has two in two. This is the legbreak and the bowler has posted a slip to catch it. Wide of the crease, angling in, and breaking away outside off, Sarfraz simply runs the ball to slip, where Nair takes a sharp catch.
1 run, length on middle, clipped to midwicket's left. Chahal seems to have jarred his knee into the turf. He's walking off but he looks in good spirits, maybe a temporary break.
1 run, good length outside off, driven on the rise to sweeper's left.
no run, this one swings back, clipped to short midwicket where Rohit puts in a diving save.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, clears long-on! Right, they were always going to target Mohit. This one is a knuckle ball but he picks it. Good length ball sitting up at middle stump and he finally middles on the leg-side swing. Just over the fielder.
no run, good length and just outside off, pushed back down the pitch on the front foot.
no run, short ball, gets over a ducking the batsman.
1 run, short of a length outside off, laboured cut to short third man's left.
OUT, De Kock goes. He tries the big pull shot but the ball is not that short. He has had a big go at this as is evident from high the ball has gone. Nikhil Naik at midwicket has to wait for an eternity for it to come down but catches it comfortably.
SIX runs, this one's bigger! Full on off, and the batsman is quick to get his front foot out of the way. Makes the extra room, and goes through with the full swing of the bat. Off the blade's middle, and it lands in the second tier beyond long on. Eighteen off the over.
1 wide, yorker on leg stump, and going down the leg side. the batsman does well to skip away from the ball's line.
1 run, another big swing, gets a thick outside edge for a single to third man.
1 run, carved over extra with little control. Full slower ball outside off, doesn't time the attempted loft.
1 run, shuffle across to work a length ball to long leg for one.
1 run, short of length outside off, the batsman gets on his toes to steer it to third man.
1 run, the googly down leg, nudged to short fine leg.
1 leg bye, good length on off stump, but the batsman gives it a charge again. Tries to flick towards the leg side, but comes off his thigh guard.
1 run, low full toss outside off, driven to long-off's left.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to sweeper cover off the back foot.
no run, dropped short and wide, cut off the back foot but can't get it past point.
no run, bouncer outside off. Looks to climb into the pull but it's an inside edge to short midwicket.
2 runs, another slower ball, 124ks, but the batsman times it well and makes long-off work to his right to keep this in.
SIX runs, sweeps him! Slower ball picked up from a length outside off. Gets on one knee and smokes it over the midwicket boundary!.
1 run, flatter, angled in, punched to long-on for one.
1 run, full on middle and leg, flicked to midwicket.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
no run, good length and turning in from off and defended down the pitch again.
OUT, length, and he has picked this up, swung it towards backward square leg, where the catch is completed! Might have been a change of pace, scrambled seam in fact, and he ended up getting more of the edge of the bat. The intent was right, but he's been put out of his pain.
1 run, on a length, outside off, stays on the crease to drive this to long-off.
no run, has him with the bouncer. The batsman has reviewed though, after what seems like a top-edge has been taken at slip .it's off the helmet. Got in an awful position for the hook. So bad, in fact, that the bat isn't anywhere near the ball. Thumps the top of the helmet and hangs up for Rana. No damage to the batsman from that impact. Life's good.
1 run, good length outside off, chopped to extra cover's left off the front foot.
to Uthappa, OUT, finds deep square with precision! The man is in to save the second on a big boundary.This is a short ball, and Uthappa swipes right across his front leg, about chest height before it dips into that fielder's lap.
SIX runs, flat and quick on middle, Dhawan uses the pace, goes down on one knee and picks him up over fine-leg and it carries all the way.
FOUR runs, outside edge flies to the boundary got it to bounce a little extra off a length, angling across and Dhawan was surprised by it, was looking to push at it, takes the shoulder of the bat and flies off. Warner's at first slip but even he can't get to it with a dive.
1 run, turns this gently towards square leg with the spin to get off the mark.
1 run, slower ball at just under 116km/h, and the only damage is a single out to the sweeper.
no run, length ball, angles across him, he shapes to flick this, and it lodges on the flap of his pad.
1 run, back of a length outside off, chopped away towards backward point. A good single.
no run, full and flat, angled in, pushed back to the bowler.
OUT, the bowler delivers again.
1 run, shifts back in his crease to punch a short ball on off stump to long-on.
no run, length outside off, stays beside the line and dabs it towards cover-point.
no run, full at off stump, pushed back to the bowler.
SIX runs, oh, wallop! Right in his hitting zone. Round-arm from the bowler but right down Dhawan's alley as he gets underneath the flight and belts this back over the sightscreen.
no run, good length, just outside off. the batsman tries to run it fine past short third man, but can't thread the gap.
1 wide, down the leg side. That will be a wide.
1 leg bye, short of a length, at the hip, goes for one leg-bye.
FOUR runs, that's supreme skill. He reads the length of this short ball so early. He doesn't mind that the ball is decking into him, not giving him too much room. But the left-hander still goes for the late cut and gets it away to the third man boundary.
1 run, hint of swing away from outside off, he dabs it late to third man for one.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and tapped to point for a quick run. Smart fielding from the fielder running in, but they can't stop the single.
1 run, and he repeats it, but the batsman uses soft hands to drop it towards short third for one.
1 leg bye, a slower ball down leg, off the pad towards backward point. A big appeal as the ball misses bat and strikes pad, but not out.
no run, swinging yorker outside off, and it squeezes under his bat.
no run, low full toss outside off again, but the attempted drive is mistimed towards mid-off this time.
no run, looks to cut a short ball outside off stump, but cannot beat point.
no run, on a length, angling in, hits the inside half of the bat as he drives.
OUT, got him! The bouncer and the catch in the deep on the leg side - just like in the last game. Rohit points his finger and sprints at Ben Cutting, the fielder who went to his right at deep square to take this miscued hook. Mitch Mac is known for this specific wicket-taking ball. It's climbing, the batsman is swatting. the batsman is gone. Wankhede has burst into celebration.
1 run, wrong'un to end the over, but it was short enough to be spotted by the batsman and he pulled it to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower ball, nearly a yorker, dug out for a single to keep the strike for the last over.
1 run, length outside off, opens the face to steer it to short third-man's right for one.
1 run, good length on off, and he opens his bat's face to carve it towards backward point. Calls nice and early this time.
no run, short ball, lifting into the batsman as he moves away and tries to create some room for himself. That was brisk, as it seems to brush a bit of his shirt and go through to Patel.
no run, short, angling across the left-hander. the batsman looks to jump across and work it against the angle, can't put bat to ball.
no run, good length on off stump, defended on the front foot.
no run, leg break, he just leans forward and defends.
2 runs, low full toss on middle, and that's been muscled to the man at cow corner. They're swinging hard, but just not connecting. One ball to go .
no run, wide and full, slower than the last one, driven square, but can't beat Miller at cover-point.
no run, pitched up and swinging away outside off, the batsman presses forward and taps it quietly to cover.
no run, length ball on the stumps, goes back and flicks, finds short midwicket.
2 runs, wide legbreak, he goes after it, and the mis-hit clears extra cover easily.
1 run, full and straight, hit down to long-on for one.
OUT, whoops. A bit more flight outside off and the batsman swings too early, looking to slog with the turn. The ball slides past his bat and he drags his back foot out of the crease briefly, just long enough for Pant to knock off the bails.
FOUR runs, whips it to the long-on boundary. Shifts his weight back to the short ball outside off, gets up tall so he can get on top of the ball, and lets his wrists do the rest.
2 runs, dropped at deep extra cover! Short outside off, and this time the batsman's luck almost ran out. Cut it over the infield, but top-edged to the man in the deep. His diving effort just isn't good enough as the ball pops out of his hand. Barinder Sran the guilty party there.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, punched to extra cover.
no run, big back lift, and then checks the shot because of a slower ball. Hit straight to mid-off.
1 run, the straighter one from Bhajji, just a touch short though, worked behind square on the leg side for a single.
OUT, taken at midwicket! And all the credit should go to the bowler. First because he follows the batsman, who is trying to make room to access the off side again. Then he puts in enough effort that he derives extra bounce - which is beyond hard on this Delhi pitch. The batsman is cramped and he's committed to the big shot. Ends up with a slog that comes off the high part of the bat and ends up in Watson's hands.
SIX runs, picks the length and goes from bottom to top on his pull, in an attempt to get underneath the ball and hit it for six. He does that excellently well.
to Jadeja, no run, beaten on the slash. It's four length balls across the corridor so far and CSK have not found a way. Jadeja backs into the leg side and looks to cut but that is under the bat.
1 run, Baz backs away outside leg, the bowler follows him, guided down to third man again.
1 run, slider into middle and leg, worked wide of square leg.
FOUR runs, back of a length, angling into leg stump, and the batsman moves swiftly across his stumps and plays his favourite scoop to the right of short fine leg.
1 run, length ball on middle, and he goes down on one knee to paddle this to short fine leg.
no run, plays away from the body, nearly rolled back off an inside edge.
no run, the bowler puts a little more vim into this one, pulling his length back to beat Parthiv's edge as he has a little fiddle at a rising delivery outside off.
SIX runs, swept over square leg! Vintage the batsman. Good length ball in at middle and off. He gets on one knee and pulls out one of the cleanest sweeps, right off the middle.
1 run, low full toss outside off, steps out and gets it to extra cover off the toe end.
no run, back of a length, closer to off stump, defended towards point.
1 run, eased wide of point for a single.
no run, wide length ball, hit hard but straight to point.
1 run, slower legbreak, turns away and finishes on off, tip and run to point.
1 wide, length ball down leg side, left alone.
no run, good length, the batsman heaves trying to launch over long on but hits it flat on the bounce to long on and turns down the run.
OUT, it's high but not far enough! the bowler gets the big one. Good length on leg stump, the trademark leg-side slog from Hardik, with hardly a stride. He's not close to the pitch of that one and ends up scooping high. Taken at the line by Negi.
1 leg bye, looks for a flick as the good length ball at 128 kph strays into his pads. Goes straight off them to deep square leg.
no run, good length and sliding in at middle stump. Defended to extra cover.
2 runs, short of a good length on leg stump, whipped out to deep square.
FOUR runs, tossed on off stump, the batsman ventures down the track, manufactures a half-volley and lofts it straight of mid-on. Lovely swing of the arms.
1 run, length around off, de Villiers stays beside the line of the ball and steers it towards backward point.
2 runs, full and in at leg stump. Backs away and slogs. Off the inside part of the toe-end. Long-on cleans up to his right.
no run, that goes a bit high and behind the stumps, Kishan runs forward and dives desperately but it falls well short of him. Took a bit of glove when the batsman tried to pull the short ball.
no run, short and climbing outside off again, past his attempted cut.
2 runs, down the wicket, beaten in the flight, but ends up putting it in a hole on the leg side for a couple.
no run, length on leg stump, flicked straight to midwicket.
1 run, slower ball on middle stump, almost a yorker. Clipped to deep square leg.
1 leg bye, length ball on leg, and he uncomfortably mistimes to the leg side.
1 run, good length, angling across, driven to long-off.
SIX runs, short outside off, and that was aching to be punished. the batsman goes deep into his crease and flat-bats it over the bowler's head! That sounded sweet.
1 run, length around off, comes forward and pushes it towards covers.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, sliced to backward point.
FOUR runs, full on off, but the batsman's picked the wrong'un. Goes down on one knee, and then ramps it past the keeper's left. He's doing this in style!.
1 run, yorker length at middle stump, jammed down to long-on where Kohli does superbly with a one-handed pick up to keep them to one.
1 run, he moves down and towards leg, the ball turns towards middle and off, he adjusts and defends for a single.
no run, darts in one at 122.4kmh according to the TV, it was on off stump and the batsman did well to get his bat down in time.
1 run, guided down to third man.
1 run, on middle stump, he pushes it to long-on. Off the mark.
2 runs, a bit of confusion but a misfield there by Rohit at extra cover. Short of length outside off, the batsman flat-bats at to Rohit's left who puts in the slide but cannot stop it.
1 run, on leg stump, worked to deep midwicket. the batsman may just look to bat for a bit now.
SIX runs, pulled over long-on! Short ball in at middle stump from around the wicket. Uses the angle, uses the depth in the crease and, most importantly, the poor length. Drills it.
FOUR runs, back of a length on middle, and the batsman comes dancing down the wicket!  Mistimes his flat-batted shot over Mavi, but enough muscle behind it to clear mid on. Daredevils race away to forty.
1 run, full, on off, driven to long-off for another single.
SIX runs, backs away and upper cuts this to clear square third man. Fourth six off the over, the batsman on beast mode.
SIX runs, have some of it. This is a hook out of the screws. Phew. Has he nailed this or what? Disdainful hook to a high bouncer. Off the middle of the bat with time to spare. Clears midwicket with ease.
1 run, short of a length, 147ks, tucked off the hip for one.
1 run, down the wicket to another wide length ball, gets a single to long-on.
1 run, mis-hit to long-on, but it falls short.
FOUR runs, quicker ball, thigh-high short ball outside off, this 104ks dart is swatted off the back foot to the midwicket fence.
2 runs, good length, drilled wide of midwicket.
1 run, length at middle stump, steps out and flicks to long-on.
no run, on a length, just outside off, defended.
1 run, full googly outisde off, drives with the turn to mid-off's right.
FOUR runs, slashed over short third. Slower ball, short and very wide. No attempt to be aesthetic there. the batsman chucks the hands with the intent to get it over the fielder. It is over him off the thick outside edge.
1 run, full toss outside off, thumped to deep midwicket's left.
1 run, short on off, and the batsman pirouettes on his toes to pull it to deep backward square.
FOUR runs, full toss that slips out of the hand, chases it and ekes out an outside edge that runs away to third man, beating deep backward point running to his left.
no run, full, angling in towards off, then nipping away slightly outside off, the batsman gets right behind the line and gently pats it to the covers.
no run, full toss, above the waist? Not quite, punched straight to point.  Harsh call, the bowler gets away with one. Above the waist .
no run, another edge as Dhawan heaves and this one goes past the stumps to Pant.
1 run, low full toss at leg stump, flicked to deep square.
1 run, good length and just outside off, jabbed into the covers with soft hands.
1 run, good length on leg stump, whipped to deep square.
1 run, sweep from outside off, gets a single to deep backward square.
no run, full and wide outside off. Chases and tries to jam it through point. Beaten.
no run, length ball at leg stump, exposes the stumps and sweeps as this spins towards him. Gets it straight to short fine.
1 run, low full toss outside off, driven to long-off's left.
no run, slower ball! Good length outside off, and he's through his leg-side heave way too early. Through to the keeper on the bounce.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to fine leg.
1 run, full, into the pads, driven to long-on.
no run, short ball at the batsman straight up, only about a 120kmph, the batsman stays tall and defends back to the bowler.
1 run, back of a length on off, and he's through his pull too early. Mistimed to the fielder position at midwicket.
no run, back of a length, 144kph, on off, he's squared up defending on the back foot.
OUT, big appeal, and it's given! Does the batsman for length here - wasn't short enough to cut and he was going back, playing the trajectory rather than the length. Then it skids on straight instead of turning away, and by the time the batsman can bring his bat down it's already zipped through and struck his back pad. Looked pretty plumb on first glance.
1 run, and he concludes the over with a yorker, right up at his toes, that's dug out through backward point.
FOUR runs, good length, but wide outside off. the batsman backs away and then slashes this over point. Three men in the infield, but clears all of them. The chase from the fielders are futile. Replays suggest it's the knuckleball.
1 run, short of a length outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, slower ball, and the batsman mistimes to long on. It was full and wide outside off, and his attempted punch comes off the bat's inside half.
FOUR runs, leg-side length ball, flicked off the hips to deep fine leg.
1 run, full, outside off, driven straight of mid-off, but the dive keeps them down to one.
no run, again in the channel outside off, draws the batsman forward but this time he keeps bat closer to body and doesn't follow the ball with his hands. Still beaten.
1 run, lovely work from Padikka; at deep midwicket. This one is tossed up wide too and the batsman reaches and lofts the sweep. Padikkal has an awkward bounce to his right after running across and he does supernly to pat it in on the half-volley with one hand.
1 run, in the slot but a slower ball, and he nearly holes out to deep cover. Just falls short of the man.
OUT, two in two with a diving catch from Dhawan at mid-off. Harshal digs this in, but bowls the change-up, the quick delivery at 133ks. the batsman is late into the pull, and gets a top edge to the right of mid-off, but Dhawan dives full length to take the catch.
no run, full on off, nice stride into the ball and solidly defended towards cover-point.
1 run, works this length ball from outside off towards long on.
OUT, big slog-sweep, but it hangs in the air for a catch at long-on. Just not full enough even though the batsman is going with the turn. Just not close enough to the pitch of the ball to nail this.
1 run, another one the turns the wrong way from the legspinner. the batsman flicks it to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, cut off the back foot, and hit very well! Beats short third man, and no stopping it after that.
SIX runs, through the hands at deep midwicket! Manish Pandey, usually plays here as a skipper. Short ball at the batsman who skips into the leg side and slaps this hook, flat and in front of square. Pandey takes a couple of steps to his left and is behind the line of this, but it's going too fast for his hands.
SIX runs, he has picked not only the short boundary but also the shortest man on the field. Plays the pick-up shot to a short-of-a-length ball on the hip, and Shaw leaps at deep square and gets only finger tips to it.
1 run, short of a length and some shape way off the pitch. Follows with his hands and jabs it past point.
no run, full on leg stump, driven to the bowler along the floor.
1 run, angles in a short ball, pulled down to fine leg.
1 run, offcutter, short and just outside off. Chopped to sweeper's left to bring up his fifty.
1 run, he makes that angular run he does at death these days, and bowls a straight legbreak. Worked around the corner for one.
1 run, back of a length at 129.9ks, chips a punch in the air but lands short of mid-off.
FOUR runs, the batsman continues to punish the spinners. Short of a length, quick, looking to protect the over, but he has gone back and punched this wide of extra cover. And deep cover is far too square. That is an excellent fifty, in which he has kept the intent up even after the Powerplay.
FOUR runs, full outside off, steps out and meets the pitch of this before drilling it firmly to long-off's left. And it's too fast for Mavi.
1 run, length, and he drives it down towards wide long on.
1 run, off the mark with a clip to deep square leg.
1 run, full legbreak outside off, slashes a drive out to sweeper.
1 wide, full toss, wide outside off, and this time the batsman stands his ground. Another wide.
1 run, straighter ball, skids into the right-hander on leg stump, the batsman shifts his weight back and flicks through midwicket.
2 runs, bouncer, COulter-Nile swings hard at the pull, and the top edge travels a million miles in the air before falling in  no man's land on the leg side. All fielders there are on the fence except short fine, but this has gone in front of square.
no run, the bowler gives him nothing, zoning in on the batsman's pads.
no run, the flipper. the batsman does not mistake the flipper for a short delivery, blocked back.
no run, quicker length ball, the batsman draws the late-cut, but can't beat short third man.
no run, short of a length, tight on off again, played with an open face to point.
1 leg bye, through with the pull too early, hits the shoulder and rolls to the keeper, they scamper a leg bye.
1 run, drilled back down the ground, excellent work at long-on.
no run, hits the pad again but this one is sliding down leg.
1 wide, drifts down leg, WIDE!.
SIX runs, in the slot, and he moves across and clubs this towards long on. Gets a big six!.
1 wide,  .and starts with a wayward delivery down leg. Wide.
OUT, has he got him? Yes, the batsman walks. Ripper of a bouncer from the bowler, the batsman walks across to help this along but is beaten for pace as this flicks the glove on the way through to de Kock. Massive moment in the game. MS Dhoni will once again have to do all the heavy lifting to see CSK home.
no run, and now he's down the track, looking to thump another cutter at under 125km/h through the covers, but failing to put bat to ball.
no run, good length and wide outside off, 131.2kph, looks to drive through the covers but through it early. Back down the pitch off the under-edge.
1 run, flat and wide outside off, flat-batted to deep cover.
no run, full and straight, but the batsman can't beat square leg with his clip.
no run, mistimes a slap to cover.
1 run, full and just outside off, lofted drive to long-off.
SIX runs, clears midwicket! A badly-judged catch from Rashid. That should have been taken by tonight's standards. A full delivery outside off is skewed away off the inside half. Rashid runs in, then backtracks after misjudging it. The ball then just clears him and clears the boundary.
1 run, stays legside of the ball this time and slashes it to third man. Good length angling across him and bouncing near the ribs again.
1 run, turns a good length ball - which turns sharply again - to short fine leg.
1 run, another back of a length slower ball, cramping the batsman, the batsman dinks it to vacant midwicket and keeps strike.
1 wide, attempted googly is down leg side, left alone.
1 run, punched out to long off, off the back foot.
no run, skiddy quick ball just short of a length. Another dot. The perfect in-between length.
1 run, back of a length outside off, dabbed to third man.
no run, skids on with the arm, full, the batsman aims a sweep  and does not make contact, falling over.
no run, good length and in at off stump. Defended off the back foot.
1 run, awkward fend and safe because square leg is back. Can't accuse the batsman of being in control so far, but he's still there. This short ball is up at his crest. He's caught on the front foot, which is eventually raised after his weight falls backwards and he hooks half-heartedly from under the ball.
1 run, short of a length outswinger wide outside off, opens the face and runs it down to third man.
2 runs, full on middle stump, and mistimes the drive to long on. Calls early for the second, and both men are quick to get across!.
1 run, yorker on off, and it's been dug away to backward point.
2 runs, shorter and outside off, the batsman rides the bounce and simply helps it away between deep square leg and deep midwicket. Baz chases hard, slides and parries the ball to Siraj.
1 wide, flat on leg stump, and goes down the leg side. Extras.
1 run, another reverse sweep but this time he finds the short third man.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched into the covers off the back foot.
SIX runs, swipes it over deep midwicket for his fifty. Quiet little innings until now from Curran, who came in at 7 today. Waited it till the last couple of overs to start taking on the bowlers and it's, all things considered, a well paced 50.
1 run, length ball, spins in at off, the batsman lets the ball slide off the face to short third man.
no run, short and just outside off, defended on the back foot.
OUT, through him! the bowler is off and jumping, he is loving this! Looks like the the bowler floater, that comes in with the angle. Classic offspin bowling. Softened him up with two danglers outside, put the doubt with a similar length and line outside off, only this time it comes back in and cleans him up. Slightly held back in his delivery stride too.
FOUR runs, unlucky. Quick legcutter, the batsman looks for the drive, and the skiddy ball takes the edge through for four.
1 run, changes tactics and uses soft hands to bunt the back of a length ball towards point for a single.
no run, knuckle ball outside off, and the batsman can't even connect with the drive. The ball angled away slightly after pitching, and that, perhaps, put the batsman off. Through to Goswami.
1 run, googly, back of a length just outside off. Stays put and chops it to sweeper cover.
1 run, good length and in at off stump, tapped to long-on on the up.
no run, length ball on middle and leg, tucked away towards short midwicket.
SIX runs, bang, another biggie over square leg. I don't know why they're trying to test him with the short ball. Angling in from round the wicket, gets up to around chest height, and he's on the front foot to hoick it around powerfully.
1 run, short of a length outside off, mistimed chop to sweeper cover.
1 run, works this shortish delivery towards midwicket.
no run, tries something new, but doesn't come off! It was fuller outside off, and the batsman shuffled across to the off side to paddle it fine down the leg side. Doesn't come off.
2 runs, full and wide, hit straight to deep point, and Nagarkoti allows them a second. KKR won't be happy with that.
1 run, top edge lands between short third and short fine. Lucky. It's a very slow short ball and he's through the pull too early. Keeper doesn't know where it is as this lifts over his head and the fielders can't reach it.
1 run, flicked with the spin into the leg side to turn the strike over.
1 run, length ball on middle, but the batsman mistimes his pull. Played along the ground to sweeper on the leg side.
1 wide, stays short of a length, and bowls wide outside off.
1 run, shorter and wider outside off, chopped to point.
2 runs, a length ball, into the pads, placed in front of deep square for two.
no run, full, just outside off, and he prods forward to drive. Played to the off side.
FOUR runs, clever. Slightly baffling tactics here. Third man is in and he goes short and across off stump. Dube just hangs back, uses the angle, and opens the face to bisect keeper and short third.
1 run, touch short and drifting in, helped to short fine, where there's a good stop.
1 run, full on middle stump, shuffles and drives to long-on's right.
4 leg byes, wrong line again, full outside leg, clips the pad and beats the diving keeper, runs away to fine leg.
1 run, risky single an all-South African affair. Full outside off, driven to AB at mid-off and Faf takes on his schoolmate. If he had hit, Faf would have been out.
no run, full and angled in at off, Kishan crunches a straight drive. Everything alright with that, except that he hit it too straight, so much that it crashes right into the stumps at the non-striker's end.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, short and wide, trying to deny him that midwicket hit. He cuts it to deep cover.
1 run, short of length around off and middle, goes for the pull but doesn't get the timing right, a single to midwicket.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, goes back and looks to hit over the bowler's head. But he is cramped and just ends up chipping it, one bounce to Hooda was sprinting across from long-off.
no run, wide length ball, the batsman shapes up for the big drive, but then lets it go.
1 run, follows him as he moves a little to leg, good length at middle and leg, pushed towards mid-on.
1 run, extremely full outside off again, and the batsman can only squeeze it out to extra cover. They take the single.
1 wide, length and down leg side, past the attempted paddle.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to mid-on.
OUT, the slower one, 113 kph, the ball pitches and swerves away. the batsman backs away and swings himself off his feet almost. Some floaty, swervy bowling, maybe the knuckle ball? A thick outside edge is easily taken by Buttler. This has been a terrific over from the bowler.
1 run, whipped firmly out into the leg side, but there's protection in the deep.
no run, run-out appeal at the non-striker's end. the batsman has taken the stumps down at the other end but the bowler hasn't got a hand on it. Billings it looking for a run though as the ball deflects towards the bowler who now has to run back at the stumps and uproot them with ball in hand. Manages it but Billings' dive saves him.
2 runs, length, a bit of width, and he cuts this fiercely. Gets it past a sprawling point fielder, but they have backward point in place too.
OUT, top edge is taken this time. Looks like the batsman was late on the slog sweep this time. the bowler gets some grip from a good length and marginal turn away from off stump. He completes a simple catch too.
1 run, low full toss on middle, and the batsman drills it down the ground to long on. They walk across for the single.
1 leg bye, the batsman jumps across off and aims a scoop. Very full on leg stump from the bowler, deflected away to de Kock diving away to his left.
1 run, slower delivery on off, eased to third man.
no run, short on middle stump, and the batsman gets his head out of the ball's way. Nice carry through to Pant.
1 run, full and outside off, knocks it down the pitch towards where mid-off would have been.
1 run, flighted outside off, driven to long-off.
no run, on a length, outside off, steered to short third man.
1 run, another pinpoint yorker, and the batsman clips it off his toes to short fine leg. Brilliant bowling.
1 run, on a length, stump to stump, the batsman goes back to work this to deep midwicket.
1 run, slow, really slow, full, driven to long-on for one.
no run, on a length, around off, swinging back in, he looks to hit it through covers, but gets a sort of a bottom edge to short third man.
no run, four dot balls! flat outside off, punched back to the bowler.
1 run, on a length, slow, wicket to wicket, bunted into the leg side for one.
no run, good length and angled in outside off, mistimed drive on the up to extra cover.
1 run, slower ball to end the over. But wide outside off, which allows him to free his arms. Thumps a cut to the man in the deep.
no run, short of a length, walks across and drops it to mid-on.
1 run, length ball, angled into him, backs away and tucks it through midwicket.
2 runs, back of a length on middle, and he tries to muscle it straight down the ground. Slaps it over the bowler, but off the bat's top half. The poor timing actually allows the batsman to come back for the second run.
1 run, better ball, yorker on the stumps, tapped to cover for a single.
SIX runs, way too wide outside off, and the batsman leans into this one. Swats it over the bowler's head, and the ball lands on the sightscreen!.
1 run, swept from middle and leg to deep square leg.
1 run, googly outside off, steered to short third-man, Ingram calls Dhawan for the run, the throw comes in by he was past the keeper by the time it arrived.
OUT, Holes out to Karun Nair at long-on. Very full on off, another knuckle ball, the batsman ends up skewing it to Nair at long-on. the bowler is now the top wicket-taker in IPL 2018 with 16 wickets.
2 runs, good length outside off, but angling into him. Flat-batted to wide long on this time, and the commitment in his running earns RCB the second.
1 run, mistimed slog as he tosses one up at middle stumps. Steps out and miscues it to long-on's left.
no run, nice comeback from Moeen, holding his one back and pushing his line a little further outside off to keep the batsman quiet.
no run, short of a length and gets stuck between the batsman's legs as he misses on the pull. LBW appeal is turned down. He's around the wicket and that's probably going down.
1 run, slider at middle stump, quickly pulled to deep backward square's left.
1 run, pacy short ball, the batsman goes to pull but gets it high on the bat and it goes to long-off.
1 run, on a length, into the pads, clipped away for one.
1 run, full on middle and off, driven away to cover for a quick single. Beats the throw with ease.
no run, the reverse sweep doesn't come off. Full outside off, and the batsman goes unconventional.
FOUR runs, quicker on middle, the batsman goes for the sweep again and nails it, along the ground, to the left of deep midwicket and into the boundary.
2 runs, the batsman is haring between the wickets. He has hit the full toss to mid-off, and sets off immediately, and draws a misfield from Smith. And then runs the second off the misfield too. Scenes.
1 wide, wide down the leg side.
1 run, good length, turning in at middle stump. Tucked towards long-on off the back foot.
1 run, full and straight, he has the runs in the over so why take another risk? Too experienced for that so a checked drive to long-on.
SIX runs, Shubman's around too, he reminds us down the track, reaches the pitch of the ball and lofts it well over long-on. Beautiful use of the feet, beautiful, clean strike.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended to extra covet off the front foot.
no run, skids through to beat Kishan's edge as he looks to late cut.
2 runs, yet another drop. Kartik Tyagi over-runs this one. Lovely bouncer, shoulder high, just outside off, draws the big top edge to a fine fine leg. Tyagi runs to his right, but he has misjudged it and gone past where the ball is dropping.
1 run, back of a length outside off, square drives to deep point.
no run, lovely delivery, dipping and turning back in, hitting the pad but headed down leg.
1 run, short outside off, upper cut to third man after a bounce.
1 run, length ball wide outside off, goes on the up and can't get on top of the bounce. Ends up slicing on the up to sweeper.
OUT, crashes into middle stump! Tossed up on middle, and this is the topspin from the bowler. the batsman misses the slog, and the ball sneaks under his bat. Nine down now.
1 run, length around off, legbreak this time, comes forward and plays it with soft hands towards cover.
1 run, short of a length, pulled to deep forward square leg for one.
2 runs, a touch too straight, placed wide of deep square, and they come back for two.
no run, the batsman is backing away first ball, the bowler goes wide, and he gets a bottom edge on the cut.
no run, full on off, and he takes a big stride forward to work the ball towards the leg side.
1 run, yorker on leg stump, flicked to deep square's left.
1 run, wide yorker, squeezed through point.
no run, short of a length at middle stump, pushes it into the off side from the crease.
2 runs, misfield by Faf at long-on. And an apology. Good length ball pushed gently towards him and he's slow getting down on that as he attacks it.
1 run, full toss on the pads, he flicks it to deep square leg.
1 run, length outside off, shaping away a touch again, the batsman waits for it and then just opens the face of the bat to guide it to third-man.
1 run, quicker one on the pads, Dhawan pushes it to deep squareleg for a single.
no run, goes wider with the googly, draws the toe end of the bat, and fields well off his own bowling.
1 wide, wide on the crease, wide down the leg side.
FOUR runs, inside-edged past the keeper! the batsman riding his luck. Length ball, just outside off, and he tries to pull. Takes a thick inside-edge and flies past Nath's left.
1 run, the batsman will not hold back, which is how he should play instead of setting himself up for a personal landmark. He knows he is not close enough to this full ball so chips this right back over his head for a single.
OUT, beautiful bowling from the bowler! He's been so, so consistent for them over the years, delivers unfailingly. Gets this to drift in on a length from wide of the crease, spins away just a touch and the batsman is struck on the pad as he plays all around it, struck plumb in front of middle and off.
no run, leg-stump yorker, dug out to the left of the bowler.
no run, holds its line after pitching just short of a length, Rohit has to defend it.
2 runs, another late cut, this time the batsman making sound connection as he beats the diving Sran to his left.
1 run, slower ball, short and outside off. Cut to sweeper cover.
2 runs, flat length ball outside off, it's the legbreak. Goes for the slog against the turn and doesn't time it at all, which is a good thing because it drops a few yards in front of long-on running in from the rope.
1 run, length ball slanted in at leg stump. Leans in and clips uppishly to deep square's left.
no run, back of a length and turns away, the batsman punches off the back foot and finds backward point.
1 run, looking for yorker, gives him the low full toss, driven to deep cover.
no run, on a length, quick, flicked nicely, but straight to midwicket.
no run, looks to drive, gets a thick inside edge back to the bowler. the batsman struggling for timing suddenly.
1 run, worked into the leg side for one.
FOUR runs, back of a length on middle, and that's been glanced fine down the leg side! Fifty for him, his 34th in the IPL.
1 run, full on off, and that's been driven over the bowler's head! It's a great shot, but long off manages to cut it off. Only a single, and Daredevils finish on 181 for 4!.
1 run, angling in towards the pads again, helps it to long-on easily for one.
1 run, slower ball. Floated full on leg stump and clipped to deep square leg.
no run, angles across a back of a length delivery, he closes the face across the line and ends up skewing it off the outside of the bat back down the pitch.
FOUR runs, length ball on leg, and the batsman has no trouble in shuffling across, and flicking this fine past the keeper's left for four!.
no run, back of a length and outside off, slices it to backward point.
no run, slower length ball, wide outside off, the batsman looks to reach out for it but cannot connect.
to Rahul, 1 run, short of a length, wicket to wicket, pushed to mid-on for one.
1 run, fuller, at the stumps, whipped down the ground.
1 run, driven to long-on this time for one.
OUT, oh, he's chopped it on. So the drop doesn't prove as costly. A legsidish slower ball, 113ks, just back of a length. the batsman doesn't pick the drop in pace and tries to whip forcefully. Swings early and gets an inside edge to the thigh pad, before the ball clips the glove as he completes the swing and then takes the bails out.
1 run, worked off his hip to deep square leg.
SIX runs, full on leg stump, and the batsman puts on his dancing shoes! Meets it on the full and sends it over long on.
1 run, short and into the body, mistimed pull to deep backward square's right.
SIX runs, good length on middle, but the batsman comes shimmying down the wicket. Swings his bat towards the leg side, and manages to get some connection behind it. Mistimed, but enough power for it to over the midwicket boundary.
no run, length and slid into middle, punched to midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, full on off stump, driven to long-off.
SIX runs, slow down? the batsman doesn't know what that means. If the ball is there to hit, he has to hit it. And more power to him. the bowler bowls short, not even chest high, and at that pace, it has to go. Over deep square it goes. Lovely hit.
no run, beats him with a good length ball that bounces past the edge as he tries to run to third man.
1 run, full and flat outside off, steps out and swings for it. It's off the thick inside edge to deep midwicket's right.
OUT, oh a sensational catch in the outfield. Delhi's Lalit Yadav has plucked one at deep midwicket. It's a slower short ball outside off, he plays the pull to a ball that's continuously getting big on him. Drags it over midwicket. Lalit is at a straight deep square leg position and runs to his left as this is about to dip and plop into the floor. Puts in a full length dive low to his left, slides gracefully along his two elbows and holds on to that. A standing ovation for Mumbai's captain as he goes back into the dugout. He's put them on the brink.
FOUR runs, length, a hint of movement away and he punches this through covers. Superb timing on that!.
2 runs, and he's off the mark straight away, sweeping hard into the deep for a hard-run brace.
OUT, a wobble but AB takes that. Good length and pushed across the corridor. Clears the front leg and has a slash at it. Thin edge that dips on AB like a football struck from distance. Keeps his eyes on it and hangs on. the bowler lets out a screech that echoes in the ground.
no run, nails the big reverse-sweep, but can't beat cover-point.
1 run, good length and onto the pads, tucked through square leg from the crease.
no run, 145kmh, a wide yorker outside off, the batsman stretches out and only gets a bottom edge.
no run, nice and straight towards the off stump, the batsman says 'wait' after steering that to midwicket.
no run, stays back to punch a length ball to cover.
FOUR runs, bam, two fours in a row. Jumps out of his crease early, slightly premeditated, to reach the pitch of this flat one outside off, and frees his arms to beat mid-off to his right.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, angling across, gets the bottom edge on the cut.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length, runs this down to third man.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, mistimed punch to extra cover's right and Faf the batsman has a fifty too.
no run, and he shoots one across the batsman's bows, the left hander making some room but missing an attempted thrash into the off side.
SIX runs, slower ball, on a length, looking to tuck him up, but the batsman can take on the shorter leg-side boundary with a six just over deep midwicket. No. 999 in T20s.
2 runs, bowled wide of the crease, and he looks to go for a reverse swipe. Gets it much more square than he wants, and can only loft it towards backward point. They get two for this attempt.
1 run, short ball angling in from around the wicket, the batsman swivels and pulls it behind square for one.
no run, good length and swung away just outside off. Walks into line and defends.
no run, good length on middle, and gets big onto Kishan. Muscled off the back foot towards cover. Not hit into the gap.
no run, short of a good length outside off, mistimed chop to backward point.
2 runs, short of a length, outside off, the batsman looks to clear cover/mid-off, doesn't get all of this, but still does clear the infield.
no run, full at off stump, gets forward and pats it back to the bowler.
no run, short and across the corridor, beaten on a boisterous attempted pull shot.
no run, backs away, exposes his stumps and drills a drive to cover. A very good stop from Uthappa.
1 run, short and wide, taps it on its head for a single to sweeper cover.
OUT, bowled him comprehensively! the batsman completely outsmarted. Full inswinger starting from just outside off, upright seam brings it back in viciously and the batsman is not prepared for it. The bat swing is outside off, for the initial line, and he can't even get it close to the ball which thuds the front pad before splitting the stumps.
FOUR runs, strays onto the pads this time and the batsman is cashing in on the opportunities presented, a freebie this time, tickle fine for four.
no run, length ball on off, and the batsman has the luxury to go onto the back foot. Punched to mid on.
no run, length, and he presses forward and drives this. Skews it a bit as it runs towards point.
no run, flight and room again, he frees his arms to cut this time, there's some bounce too and he finds the fielder again.
2 runs, was that a drop? Short of length outside off, goes back and punches it aerially towards midwicket, gets a couple of runs to deep midwicket but it looked like it went through the hands of short midwicket. Yes, it was a drop, Narine the fielder, got both hands to it. Was struck hard but should have been taken.
2 runs, slants in from short of a length, and he nurdles this away off the back foot towards long leg.
no run, looped up on middle, the batsman stepping forward to defend.
1 run, back of a length, wide outside off, and he drags a pulled shot to deep midwicket. Lewis does well to keep it down to just a single.
1 run, full slower ball just outside off, mistimed slog along the floor to deep midwicket.
1 run, length ball outside off, and turning further away. Cut to deep point.
1 run, short ball first up, and the batsman gets his eyes off the ball! Gets big on him, and hits his handle as the batsman tries to look away. Lands safe, just in front of point. Quick!.
1 run, good length and pushed wide across off, steps out and has a chop at it. On the bounce to deep backward point.
1 run, length ball on the pads, tucked away towards fine leg.
1 run, short, quick, into the body, 139, mis-hits the pull towards long leg.
1 run, back of a length, keeps it very straight. the batsman moves across and tucks it to square leg.
SIX runs, well connected again. Good length and sliding on outside off. Steps out and goes straight. A bit low on the bat but it's gone 89 metres.
1 run, works this wide of midwicket.
1 run, in the air, but just short of Hales! Full just outside off, and he tries another cover drive. Through his shot too early, and he's lucky the ball fell just short.
OUT, mistimes his pull! Straight to midwicket. Short on leg stump, and the batsman was cramped for space. Tried to go through the shot nonetheless, but comes off the bat's top half.
FOUR runs, full on middle and leg, gets to the pitch and slugs this between deep square and deep midwicket.
no run, drags this sweep from outside off to short fine. This was fired full outside off by the bowler. Pressure building?.
1 run, squeezes this flick to square leg, off the mark.
1 leg bye, good length on leg stump, looks to ramp that fine, cops it on the thigh guard.
no run, slider, quick and short of a length and down leg side. He was shaping for the pull and copped that on the front pad. Outside leg stump. Lbw appeal turned down by umpire and then Warner.
1 run, pulled from outside off to square leg, no control over the stroke, so no timing. Rohit hits direct at the striker's end, but there's no real danger of Iyer being out there because he was comfortably in.
1 run, flatter on middle and leg, tapped to the leg side off the back foot.
no run, googly, knocked back to the bowler from off stump.
1 run, fifty for the batsman, fourth in last five outings. Driven to long-off as he pitches this up.
1 wide, bouncer, but wide down the leg side.
1 run, length ball on middle, and he goes deep into his crease, before flicking off his hips to square leg.
no run, length ball floated in at off stump, defended towards point off the outside half.
no run, slider that  beats the batsman  as he prods forward to defend.
no run, good length and swung away from middle stump, defended to point off the thick outside edge.
1 run, clipped off the pads to fine leg.
no run, short outside off, cut straight to backward point.
2 runs, Kishan looks for the slog sweep, but the bowler is slow and just out of his reach. The mis-hit fetches them two wide of long-on.
no run, another carrom ball, short of a length, outside off, pushed to cover, who is tight on the single. the bowler ends beautifully.
1 run, slower ball, he recovers well, drives him down to long-on for one.
1 run, the batsman finds a gap on the off side, and keeps the strike.
2 runs, misfield from Ashwin, but it costs only one extra run with deep point still on the boundary. the batsman doing all he can to get a decent score on the board, this time with a late cut to a knuckle ball.
1 run, backs away this time to short of length delivery, mistimes it towards short midwicket for one.
no run, slightly shorter and close to off stump, he tries to slice it off the back foot and misses again.
no run, length outside off, hint of movement away, decent bounce and the batsman is beaten as he has a poke.
no run, turning away outside off from the stumps, the batsman pulls and misses.
1 run, length ball, and he goes back and punches this uppishly towards backward point.
no run, length ball angling across towards off stump, gets forward for a checked drive to short cover.
1 run, overpitched on leg stump, driven along the floor to long-on.
1 run, straighter one, takes the outside edge as he shapes to flick, and it pops up towards cover. They hurry through for a quick single.
1 run, slower cutter on middle, tip and run to point.
no run, given some air on off, pushed back to the bowler off the end of the bat.
1 run, dropped. Finch lunges to his right at mid-off but can't hold onto this miscued shot. the batsman steps out again and turns this into a full toss. But his attempted shot is right off the toe-end and he ends up chipping it.
2 runs, good length outside off stump, and that's been pulled along the ground to deep midwicket. Umesh Yadav's sliding effort helps RCB clean up well.
1 run, full and wide, driven down to long-off for one.
1 run, tossed up, he skips out and drives to deep cover.
no run, shuffles across, the bowler bowls a wide low full toss, and he hits this straight to extra cover, who is in tight to prevent the single.
SIX runs, shot! A clean, straight swing. He loves hitting spinners over their heads. Gets to the pitch of this and drills it straight from an off stump line.
no run, good length, slow and at middle. 78kph. Steps out and flicks to midwicket.
no run, good length on off, and the batsman shuffles across to his left before blocking it towards the leg side. Sees the over out with caution.
FOUR runs, incredible shot. This is disrespectful batting. the bowler has bowled a decent length ball outside off, but he has gone back, bent his back leg, created his length and late-cut this for four.
1 run, short ball, pulled wide of long-on, but he turns down the second. He wants strike for the last over.
1 run, offbreak first up, on a length, straight, pushed to leg for one.
OUT, full toss outside off, the batsman reaches out to hit this well but picks out deep cover where Evin Lewis takes a dolly. Was the bowler looking to bowl a wide yorker? Doesn't matter, he's got the wicket somehow.
no run, and he succeeds here again. A wide slower ball, beats the the batsman heave.
no run, bat-pad as he gingerly gets forward to try and defend this good length ball on middle stump.
SIX runs, clears deep midwicket. Casual. Short of a length ball outside off, he gets the back leg into the off side to get in line of that and pulls it cleanly.
FOUR runs, to Rinku's left at long-on. Curran digs the dagger deeper. Length at middle, clears the front leg and heaves. One bounce and over the line as two fielders look to converge on it.
no run, short of length around middle and leg, the batsman was moving towards the off side to pull it fine, misses.
OUT, sliced to cover! Full just outside off, and the batsman looks to smoke a drive over cover. Bat's face turns in his hand, and the spliced shot goes to Raina at the 30-yard circle.
no run, on a length, outside off, angling in, hits the inside half of the bat as he pushes at it.
2 runs, offcutter on middle stump, smothers this towards the leg side off his pads, and played gently enough to take the second run.
1 run, backs away and pulls the short ball on leg stump to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, picks the gap at cover! Rohit is bank when he gets the chance to drive and here the bowler floats the ball up well outside the off stump. The Mumbai Indians captain says thank you and also I'm not afraid of you with a giant stride forward and a simple push to the left of AB.
FOUR runs, full on leg stump, he whips this sweetly through midwicket and beats the man on the rope! What timing to whip this to the rope!.
1 run, good length slower ball on leg stump, gets on the back foot and pushes this into the leg side with soft hands.
no run, shorter and just a shade outside off, the bowler hits the bat hard, blocked to cover.
1 run, backs away, so Hardik goes full and wide, the batsman toe-ends this swing across the line to long on.
1 run, length ball, angling in, worked to leg for one.
1 run, short and into leg stump. Swiped to deep backward square's right.
SIX runs, the exclamation mark on a horror night for the bowler. A length ball, swinging into the pads, and he has nonchalantly whipped it over midwicket for six.
no run, good length just outside off, and the batsman chooses to fend it away. Tiptoes and pushes it towards cover.
2 runs, gets a fuller dart at 146.1 ks first-up, and he drives it out to sweeper cover.
no run, hit on the back leg, but this one's turning too much. the batsman didn't pick it at all as he tried to work this to the leg side.
1 run, short of a length at leg stump, climbs on him as he dabs this uppishly into the leg side.
2 runs, full, just outside off, and the batsman gets a thick outside edge over point. Ashwin just jogs across to the ball.
no run, yorker, on off, dug out back to him.
2 runs, slower one, but the batsman was ready for it and cuts it to deep point.
SIX runs, bang that's the batsman's power on show. A little too full outside off and he plays a pick-up flick almost, hits it hard enough to carry all the way over square leg.
1 run, wide length ball, cutting away, driven away to long-off for one.
1 run, length ball around off, backs away and goes for the cut, straight to the extra cover fielder though.
1 run, fired outside off, whipped to cow corner off the back foot.
SIX runs, into the crowd! De Kock is cutting loose. Short again, this time he doesn't even try to keep it down and lofts the pull over deep square leg.
2 runs, walks across the stumps and punches this slower delivery towards Mohit coming in from sweeper cover.
no run, a swing and miss! A very wide delivery outside off, the batsman walks across, looking to heave into the leg side. The ball is too wide to drag. Wrong shot selection.
no run, another pinpoint yorker. I said 20, they got 16.
1 run, short of a length, flat, backs away and tries to force a cut but doesn't find the middle.
1 run, slower ball, and he flicks this away towards deep midwicket.
OUT, taken at long-off! Oh boy, is there a match here? Mumbai are trying hard to make one! Poor shot from Kishan. This is floated up at off stump, and he gets down the track. Beaten in flight and he ends up chipping and easy one for the fielder there as he tries to go inside-out.
2 runs, worked into a hole on the leg side for a couple.
no run, good length and tight at the stumps. Defended down the pitch.
1 run, slower ball, full outside off, drilled hard to long-off.
SIX runs, two dots and a six. A touch too full with the wide legbreak, and he goes inside-out despite a deep extra cover in place. Just extending his arms into the shot.
3 leg byes, yorker, outside leg, beats him comprehensively but runs away for leg-byes.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and nudged away to point. Team hundred.
1 run, full on off stump, driven with the turn to long-off.
2 runs, offbreak, short of a length, pushed between deep midwicket and deep square leg for two more.
FOUR runs, poor ball to bowl with fine leg inside the circle, shortish and down leg. Parthiv simply whips it away, in the air but a fair distance to that fielder's right. He was trying to bowl the offcutter and ended up dragging it down.
1 run, slower ball at a length outside off, leans in and flicks to midwicket's left.
no run, drifts away again, the batsman is beaten on the dab.
OUT, the bowler strikes first ball! Kings XI continue to fight. His first ball is a flick out of the front of the hand, it pitches outside off and spins back in with the angle and the direction of release. It finds a massive gap between bat and pad and knocks into off stump. Daredevils are in some trouble.
FOUR runs, powerful strike. On a length, just outside off. the batsman tries nothing fancy here. Just a full-blooded extra cover drive. Over the man in the ring.
no run, yorker just outside off stump, and the batsman can't carve this away. Bounces behind the stumps and goes through to Kishan's gloves. This is classic the bowler.
1 run, short of a good length and gripping outside off. Turns away too but there's enough time to tuck this into vacant midwicket.
(no ball), oversteps with his first ball. on a length, and he defends, but this will be a free hit!.
1 wide, good length and spinning away, wide outside off. Too far for the sweep. Too far anyway, thinks umpire.
1 run, length outside off, slices it towards short third man for a quick single, 50 is up for RCB.
no run, slow and well outside off, turns away further and the batsman leaves, thinking it's a wide. But it's not.
1 run, slower short ball at middle stump, pulls into the floor, out to deep square.
1 run, too short, he whips this to deep backward square leg.
no run, length at off stump, some shape away again. Defended into the covers.
no run, inside edge as he miscues the slog. It's a full and flat googly at off stump, gets it onto his pad.
1 run, full and wide outside off, and the batsman squeezes it away to deep backward point. Sarfraz gets back on strike.
no run, full just outside off, and this time it's been defended off the front foot.
1 run, the slower bouncer to the batsman seems to be working. Another one angled across, and he has to wait for it, and can only do a tennis ball swat almost to deep midwicket.
nan
FOUR runs, shuffles across and deep, gets under a shortish ball, and goes over wide mid-off. Not absolutely cleanly struck but gets enough to clear the infield.
SIX runs, smashed too short and he read the length quickly. This one didn't bounce as much and he could rock back to pull it over square leg.
no run, lbw appeal is turned down. Looking to ramp it fine this time as the bowler fires in what looks like a seam-up ball on leg stump. It's full and fast and catches him on the leg, but the umpire says no. Probably pitching outside.
no run, length, and he punches this away towards cover.
1 run, yorker, squeezed to the off side as they scamper a single. the batsman finishes on 49.
2 runs, fast ball, half-tracker on middle, and guided off his hips to deep midwicket. Gently played, so Mann manages to run back for the second.
no run, another wrong'un, flatter and wider. Presses forward and blocks into the on side.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. All hands and wrists to create the timing and power to clear extra cover. Just a touch too full, and he goes up and over extra.
1 run, flicks this length delivery away towards midwicket for one.
no run, back of a length on leg stump, defended back towards the bowler.
1 run, short and angled in on middle, short-armed off the back foot to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, swung away over square leg. A bit predictable here from CSK and the bowler. He's already camping well outside off for that line. the bowler misses on his full slower ball. It hits up at knee height for him and he sends it far back.
OUT, gone. the batsman has picked out long-off and that's the game. Fails to get hold of this fullish ball. Doesn't help that it's curving into him and he doesn't get the room he's looking for as a result. Chips it straight into the hands of long-off.
SIX runs, punished! Right in the slot, the batsman belts this to clear long on. Crrrrrraaack.
1 run, length outside off, driven to sweeper's right.
2 wide, dropped short and down leg side, beaten on the pull. Keeper fumbles lunging to his left.
OUT, big offbreak first ball, and he has been given. Think he needn't review if he hasn't hit this. Big offbreak not for the big sideways movement, but how much this has done in the air. Drifting and dipping, making him play down the wrong line, and then turning it in to hit him bang in front. No hesitation in raising the finger.
1 run, full and straight, flicked away towards long-on. Jadeja prevents two. 4-0-25-0, very tidy.
1 run, length, angles across him, and he punches this towards backward point.
FOUR runs, good length and across the corridor, backs away and has a swipe. It works out. Not fully off the middle, bat turns in the hand, but it's past mid-off's dive to the left.
(no ball) 1 run, fullish, a bit of inswing towards a fourth-stump line, punched crisply into the covers.
1 wide, slower one down leg. Rolled through to the keeper as the batsman looked to tickle it fine.
no run, punched! But well stopped by Raina at cover. Stood tall, and played it well, but you know how good Raina is.
no run, yorker, dug out. Pandya not wasting his energy taking quick singles.
SIX runs, reverse-swat clears the third man boundary! It's a short of a length ball and the batsman swivels quickly before having to really drag this using his forearms. Manages it somehow and clears the line.
1 run, good length on off, and the batsman comes shimmying down the wicket. Muscles this pull, but it only goes to the man at long on.
1 run, whips this uppishly towards square leg, Dhawan grabs this on the bounce. De the batsman would've been anxious.
no run, drifts in and spins away from middle, turned to the leg side.
no run, steep bouncer dipping back in towards the batsman who takes a middle stump guard and a small step into the off side to counter Hardik's anticipated line. But this one comes back in at his body and he drops his bat to let it pass.
1 run, speared outside off, the batsman presses forward and secures a single down to long-off.
FOUR runs, dug in short on middle, Suryakumar holds his shape and swats it away like a fly. Beats deep midwicket to his right.
OUT, finds Gill at long on! Tries the same shot, but the bowler went shorter. The leg-side heave comes off the bat's toe end, and the batsman fails to find the distance on this occasion. He's disappointed!.
OUT, full on middle, the batsman goes for another one-handed slog over long-on, doesn't get enough of it and is well taken right at the boundary. Played his role to near perfection, though.
no run, shaped to slog this deep into the stands at cow corner, got the bottom-edge that rolled to the leg side.
1 leg bye, wrong'un, full at middle stump. Looks for the paddle sweep, deflected into the point region off the forearm.
1 run, full on off, but it's not spinning. the batsman drives it past the non-striker to long on. Moves to 99.
1 run, length in the corridor, runs it down to third man with the pace.
no run, good length just outside off, gets back and jabs it down the pitch.
2 runs, full, into the pads, eases into a drive, beats mid-on. Patel runs to his left from long-off to save two runs.
1 wide, length ball pushed wide outside off now, left alone.
no run, the batsman walks into the leg side to expose the stumps. the bowler follows him with a length ball and forces him to defend.
SIX runs, right underneath the flight and bang! Straight into the sightscreen. The power of his bottomhand. Proper smash.
FOUR runs, shorter length, he's back and punching to long on and a horrible misfield from Rahul! Oh no. He slipped on his heels as he tried to stop on the outfield and ran straight past it. It rolled to the rope.
SIX runs, DRE RUSS! In the slot from Umesh and the batsman goes over long-on. In his wheelhouse, he clears his front leg and makes room for that shot. And then executes, way over long-on. Terrific shot.
1 run, length ball on off, and he shuffles across the stumps before mistiming an on-drive to midwicket.
to Kohli, 1 run, slower offuctter again, dragged into the leg side for a single to deep midwicket.
no run, length outside off, half a stride forward and punched to cover-point.
FOUR runs, fullish outside off, and this is not just a bouncy pitch but a bouncy square too. Suryakumar plays a checked drive, into the turf, and it bounces up over the leaping cover fielder.
1 run, slow, high, dipping, driven nicely to long-off for one.
1 run, full and skids in, dragged away to long-on.
2 runs, googly down leg, worked to deep midwicket for a couple. 3 for 36 for the bowler.
no run, bouncer down at a leg stump line, sways out of the way to let that go.
no run, length ball on leg, and nudged off his hips to square leg.
no run, chest-high ball on middle, tucks up the batsman for room, he wears it on the body.
FOUR runs, too easy. Dropped short in the corridor and he gets on the toes of his back leg to swat this uppishly between deep square and deep midwicket.
1 run, comes down now and pushes the ball down the ground with the spin to mid off.
FOUR runs, he charges down to take it on the full and drills it back along the ground, absolutely straight and gets four. That makes it eight from the over, the bowler won't be happy.
1 run, length at off stump, punched to long-off.
1 run, length and curved away in the corridor. On the back foot to defend, gets a thick edge down to third man.
1 wide, short and wide outside off. Too wide, in fact, and the batsman's happy to let it go.
no run, full on off, and drilled to mid on. No chance of a run.
FOUR runs, hops across the crease, pure timing from Mayank, clipping sweetly off the pads and through square leg.
OUT, another one that hurries the batsman! This is a batsman brought up in Victoria. A 148.7kph short delivery outside off, the batsman this time, looks for the pull through midwicket, but he is too late on the shot. Takes the splice of the bat and lobs to cover. Clearly, harried for pace and Avesh strikes. Some pace and bounce in this surface.
1 run, full and swinging away from off, squeezed wide of point.
OUT, the batsman fights the good fight but the bowler is too good for him. Gets too much under this length ball as he tries another swing for a six. Skies it for a catch in the long-off region.
OUT, an appeal for lbw but the stumps have lit up. Length ball outside leg, Dhawan goes for the reverse sweep but fails in execution, the ball hits the pads and ricochets on to the stumps off the bat. Mumbai have broken through.
no run, drops just short of cover! Full outside off, and turning away. Rohit presses forward to defend, but the ball pops into the air. Raina dives forward, but the ball lands just in front of him.
2 runs, works this length ball from outside off towards long-on, the man coming in took a while to get off the blocks.
1 run, punched down to long-on for one.
1 run, full outside off, mistimed slog again. To deep midwicket's left this time.
2 runs, lovely shot. Inside-out chip to a the bowler legbreak, well over extra cover. Gets a couple.
no run, length ball, outside off, driven on the up, straight to short extra cover.
no run, goes back into the crease and dabs this gently.
no run, goes through him! Sharp turn to beat the inside edge and hit the pad. Big appeal from Parthiv, nearly four appeals. Moeen joined in late. May have been missing leg stump. RCB don't review Moeen hinted to Kohli that it may have gone down leg.
1 run, pushed wide of midwicket, but not wide enough to think of a second.
FOUR runs, given too much air and it's at an inviting length for the batsman, who unleashes a one-handed slog-sweep to pick up a boundary at midwicket.
no run, slower ball, cuts across him, as the batsman loads up for a big heave on the onside, but misses.
no run, good length outside off, and it's the one that goes straight through. The cut goes over his blade and into Pant's gloves.
1 run, length outside off, a rare leg break from the bowler, pushed to point's right.
no run, length ball on the stumps, comes slower off the wicket, lobbed down the wicket.
FOUR runs, he has had enough of failing to find gaps. Stands tall, picks the slower ball, and lofts it over mid-off. Doesn't matter that this is not a driving length. He goes hard at it, and clears the field.
1 wide, full and fired down leg side, left alone.
FOUR runs, beautiful shot! Width on offer, and the batsman meets the pitch with half a stride forward and then uses his arms to punch it through cover and point.
no run, jumps down at this short of a good length ball and cops it on the body. No movement on this, but also no room.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
no run, full, really full, dug out just outside off.
no run, length ball around off, slower one from Jofra as well, looks to cut it away, gets an inside edge into the ground.
no run, short and angling in at off, the batsman hops and fends it off to cover.
1 run, late swing again. Length ball hooping away and the batsman stabs at it away from the body to run is uppishly towards third man.
1 run, a googly this time, goes back to pull but mistimes it towards square leg, the keeper fields himself.
no run, a googly outside off, moving further across, cut to cover.
1 run, steers this length ball to third man to get off the mark.
no run, beauty! Drift in and then sharp turn to square Faf up.
2 runs, flighted offbreak outside off, stretches out to drive and extra-cover, diving right, gets a hand on it but can't stop it completely.
1 run, shorter leg break, he pulls, mistiming it to deep midwicket.
1 run, 142kph, full on middle, he turns it to mid-on.
1 wide, good stop from de Kock. 125 kph, a loopy tennis-ball bouncer over the head of the batsman.
no run, smart stumping from KL Rahul. the batsman beaten by sharp turn. Excellent change of pace from the bowler. the batsman has no clue about this as he jabs at the delivery. He dragged his back foot outside the crease for a brief moment, but managed to just about plonk it back in. Lucky break.
FOUR runs, slower ball, cuts in, it seems he has done the batsman in, but he manages to change the shot so well that he punches it to the left of deep square for four more.
FOUR runs, cut over extra cover. Drops this legbreak short outside off, he's backing into the leg side as he whips out at it. Lockie slides to his right, studs up like a red-card tackle. Can't stop that.
1 run, flat, on a length, outside off, pushed into the covers.
no run, good length outside off, and angling across his body. Opens his bat's face and glances it towards point.
1 run, quicker, short of a length, dabs on it for a single.
no run, good length and slanted in at middle stump, deep in the crease and taps to midwicket.
1 run, offbreak, on a length, outside off, drops this to point for one.
OUT, slower ball, made his intention to scoop it obvious, the bowler shortened his length and Curran ends up lobbing a simple catch to the keeper.
no run, short and skidding on just outside off, chopped straight to point.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket's left.
no run, length ball, outside off, and turning away. Punched off the back foot to deep point.
OUT, there's an lbw appeal and a run-out appeal. The run-out's been sent upstairs. At the striker's end. But it seems they've also referred for the lbw. So we'll be looking at that first. It was a slider at leg stump, the batsman was struck on the back leg trying to whip into the leg side. That back leg is definitely in front of leg stump, but there were a couple of sounds Ultra Edge shows no bat and that is hitting leg stump. The decision will be overturned. Good review and what an over this is. Four dot balls and the two set batsmen gone. the batsman falls short of a well-deserved hundred.
1 run, short of a length, he moves across to access the leg side and punches this towards midwicket. Rashid puts in a dive there to keep them down to one.
FOUR runs, googly but once again down the leg side, Parthiv sweeps it aerially behind square leg for four more, his third of the innings.
no run, pitched up around off, the batsman comes forward and drives it back.
1 wide, the googly outside off, that's a very predictable delivery now from the bowler. Left alone, wide.
2 runs, oh that is a rare loose ball. A full toss, on off, and driven past extra cover two.
no run, back of a length on middle, punched down the ground.
FOUR runs, Mavi, who bowled well earlier, stands tall to help this short ball along to deep square leg for four.
1 run, full outside off, and the batsman connects with the drive once again. But Faf's on the 30-yard circle, prepared for that very shot.
1 run, full on off, but the batsman takes a step forward and smothers it towards cow corner. Man there though.
to Buttler, 1 run, fuller, into the pads, clipped away for one.
OUT, oh, dear. He's scooped this straight to short fine. Dhawan tries to be too cute, gives away his intentions much before the bowler delivered, so he bowls a cutter at length on middle. No pace to work with and he hits it straight to Harbhajan even as thick rain clouds gather over the MCA Stadium  from the east. They look ominous too.
1 run, legbreak, full outside off, drives to the left of extra-cover this time and he dives and makes another partial stop.
OUT, and the batsman has been sacrificed again. He has been doing well in the second half of the innings, but KKR continue to send him in early. Not a great shot. Looks to work to leg a length ball pitched outside off, and it holds its line to take the edge through to Pant.
no run, wide of the crease, angling in, straightening and bouncing past the outside edge near the higher part of the bat.
1 run, full, outside off, just too full for the slog. Drilled down to long-off for one.
no run, slower, wider, and he cuts it to point.
no run, looking for the gap either side of short third man, but he finds the fielder! Full and wide, dabbed away towards short third man.
FOUR runs, good length, and wide outside off. Fodder for the batsman, who rocks back and crunches this past cover!.
1 run, short of a length on a middle and leg line, mistimes a pull to short fine leg.
1 run, yorker outside off, dug out for one.
no run, another uppish chip, 128.9kph delivery on a length around off, the batsman pushes at it, was in the air but well short of mid-off.
1 run, full, just outside off, and he drives with the turn to long on.
1 run, full on the stumps, driven to long-on.
no run, back of a length and skids on off, jabbed back to Rashid.
OUT, and Bumrah won't be required to get the batsman out today. the bowler angles this wide, the batsman sets himself up for the slog sweep, but instead of turning in, this actually angles furhter away, and all he manages is a toe-end to long-on.
2 runs, length on middle, slower ball, not picked and swung away to the leg side, not timed perfectly but the lack of power as it trickles away to long-on allows two.
1 run, good length and quickly through at middle stump. Flicked uppishly to deep midwicket.
no run,  dropped!  Straight in, straight out. Oh, Rahane. What have you done? Dhawan has a slash to a delivery that isn't wide enough for him to flay through point, flies at a comfortable height to the captain who makes a royal mess of that one. Bobbled out, tried to grab on the second attempt but couldn't.
no run, short of a length and swung away outside off. Mistimed cut to cover.
FOUR runs, the batsman keeps KXIP in it. He switches his stance, to play almost a pull shot over extra cover. This is some shot. Targets the short boundary.
FOUR runs, too short and on this pitch it sits up to be smacked. Especially with the line on leg stump. All the batsman has to do is bring his full power down on the ball and the pull shot whistles away.
1 run, comes down the track and swings a long hop (yep, he seems capable of bowling those too) to short fine leg.
1 run, tossed up at middle stump, allows it to come on and nudges it to deep midwicket from the crease.
2 runs, length outside off, punched to sweeper's right.
1 run, good length, into the pads. Flicked with the angle to short fine's right.
no run, 146.7kph, full and in at off stump. Late on the attempted drive and he gets an inside edge to short fine.
no run, short of a length on off, punched to cover.
no run, shorter leg break down leg, he glances it straight to short fine.
1 run, length, dips into him, and he plays it with soft hands towards point and picks up a single.
1 wide, a short one over the batsman's shoulder, the batsman goes for the hook but fails to connect. It seemed there was some sort of sound as the ball went past the batsman but nothing on the UltraEdge.
no run, the floaty swervy delivery outside off, the batsman yorks himself as he defends.
no run, swished to backward point, not sure he read the spin there, and another useful dot.
1 run, good length at middle stump, steps out and whips it to long-on's right.
2 runs, pulled away but not entirely in control, Kuldeep comes around to cut that off at deep backward square leg.
FOUR runs, too short and too wide. Might have also been a slower ball. the batsman waits on that on the back foot and hammers it past extra cover.
no run, slows it down, within the stumps, short of slogging length, defended back to him.
no run, good length, slower ball outside off. Chopped to point.
FOUR runs, full and sliding down leg, which is not what you want to do with fine leg up. the batsman clears the front leg to slog, but gets an inside edge past short fine leg for four.
1 run, length, angles into him, and he nurdles this away towards square leg.
1 run, short of a length, no room, dabs on this for a single.
SIX runs, short and pulled flat and hard into the stands at deep squareleg! He swiveled, got into position in a flash.
FOUR runs, nearly played on. He looks to cut one outside off, but it is perhaps not short enough. He gets a bottom edge for four to fine leg.
no run, full, swinging, near yorker. Hits him on the pad, but after taking the inside edge.
1 run, fuller on off, pushed to mid-off and they come through for a quick single.
1 run, the batsman shuffles across and flicks a full straight ball to leg.
1 run, length, wide outside off, and he bangs this towards backward point.
no run, good length on off, and spinning away from the batsman. Tries to cut but the ball zips under his bat.
2 runs, hops back and bunts this down to square third man, excellent running, wayward Narine throw.
1 run, back of a length on off, shuffles across and whips to deep square leg.
no run, full on middle and off stump, the batsman smokes it to cover.
OUT, the slowness of the surface gets de Villiers. A length ball, in the slot, and he looks to hit a six. The knuckle ball does him in, and the mis-hit goes straight down long-on's throat.
FOUR runs, pings off deep square leg and into the boundary. Bhuvneshwar wants this ball to get higher as it dips awkwardly at him. It skids on off his calves and climbs over the rope. A pull from the batsman, picked up from middle stump.
no run, good length and into leg stump, pushed to midwicket.
1 run, slightly fuller, the batsman respects it and opens the face for a single.
1 run, on a length, straight, worked wide of mid-on for one.
1 run, very wide outside off, forcing the batsman to drag a sweep, to deep midwicket.
no run, beaten. Slower ball at a good length outside off. Leans in for the drive but that spins past the bat.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, goes for the reverse sweep but too full for that. Only a single to short third man.
no run, backs away to swing again, done in by the change of pace. Slower and fuller, DreRuss nearly chopped on.
FOUR runs, overpitched, lots of width, and that's a lovely wristy drive, drilled to the right of extra-cover and beats long-off easily with all that power.
no run, seam-up, bouncer, fizzes through outside off, beats the batsman's lousy attempt to uppercut it away.
OUT, knuckle ball to the top of middle! the batsman stepping out, getting outside the line of the stumps on the leg side, and swiping aimlessly while swivelling as he's beaten by pace by this short of a length ball. An ugly hoick would be describing it accurately, but it's been induced by a superbly disguised ball.
FOUR runs, darted outside off, Suryakumar stands tall and cracks it in the gap at the covers. Suryakumar keeps Mumbai ticking.
nan
1 run, flighted full outside off, and turning away from him. the batsman lifts it over cover, and the ball's in the air for a really long time, but the ball pops out of Umesh Yadav's hand at extra cover! Dropped. One of the easiest catches you'll find on the cricket field.
1 run, whips this length ball from outside off to wide mid-on.
SIX runs, length on middle again and the batsman is not going to miss out on these. Just a flick of the wrists carries it all the way, deep into the upper tier of the stand at long-on.
1 run, yorker on middle and leg, but the batsman's managed to make enough room for himself that he can hammer it to extra cover.
OUT, both batsmen at the same end. Disastrous start for KKR. the batsman plays this straight to short fine, and should be responding to the non-striker's call. I don't care if there is a single or not, you have to trust your partner if he is a specialist batsman and is running to the danger end. the batsman preserves himself. Shami's throw from short fine comes at the wrong end, but Pooran collects it at cover and strolls to the non-striker's to run Rana out.
no run, the batsman closes the face early and leading-edges it to the left of Axar.
1 run, nearly 100ks on off, forward and pushed down to long-on.
no run, nicely bowled, some flight and dip, around off, defended back.
FOUR runs, now that swing works to the batsman's favour as it gives him the room he needs to open up his arms, an imperious punch over the extra cover region.
no run, full and outside off, driven to point.
OUT, and the bowler has done for Curran. Too many risks he is taking, and has jumped of the crease again. the bowler slows it down further, and goes wider to beat him. Easy stumping for Samson. Curran goes for a six-ball 17, a very Curran score.
no run, drifts in on middle, blocked back to the bowler.
1 run, short of a length in the corridor, punched to sweeper off the back foot.
1 run, the bowler tosses a legbreak outside off, the batsman reaches out and drives it to sweeper cover for a single. the batsman punches his fist, Dhoni keeps a poker face as usual. CSK go top.
no run, short, angles away from him, and he lets this pass. Wasn't too far from being a wide, but the batsman chose to let this pass.
FOUR runs, pulled away between wide long-on and midwicket. Pandey runs to his left and is a slide away  from stopping the boundary. However, he is slow to go down and MI get four.
no run, keeps this fuller, but still well outside off, Parthiv goes for a big drive and misses.
1 run, yorker, just outside off, dug out to mid-off for one.
1 run, short and just outside off, opens the face and turns it to third man.
FOUR runs, strays on the pads and a beautiful pick-up shot by the batsman off his pads and into the square leg boundary.
1 run, punched down to long-on.
1 run, tossed up wide, slow in the air, driven to deep cover for one.
OUT, aims midwicket again and that's curtains! Hardik the batsman has sliced one to third man! Same line and length three balls in a row, same shot offered with no result. You've got to question that strategy. But it's also superb bowling from the bowler. He has now picked up three wickets in under two overs. 3 off 19 balls for the batsman. This will be tough to get over. Mumbai on the verge of a stunning defeat.
1 run, drifting into middle and leg, turned to short fine for a quick single.
no run, short, and he slaps this hard back towards mid off, but it travels quickly to the Kings XI captain. No possibility of getting any runs here.
no run, wide of the crease, back of a length and outside off, chopped off the back foot to point.
FOUR runs, short outside off, the batsman uses the depth of his crease and punches it through the vacant cover region.
1 run, another short one, the batsman rolls his wrists over it and pulls it away to deep squareleg for one. There's a direct hit from the boundary at the non striker's end but the ricochet doesn't cost the sunrisers.
no run, this one kept really, really low. the batsman shapes to pull but is almost done in by the skid, somehow managed to toe-end this.
no run, driven on the up, one bounce to Morris at mid off. The bat face turned in his hand as he made contact.
no run, good bowling. the batsman was on a middle and off stump guard with leg stump visible. Looking to open up the leg side. He bowls a googly at cutting length and cramps him anyway. He can only find point.
1 run, nicely played, a dab to short third man, but it's just the one.
no run, it's pulled, but not out of the middle and the ball trickles to mid on.
no run, smeared across the line, but he loses his shape over-hitting it and the ball goes nowhere.
no run, another slower ball, short and slow on middle. Mistimes a pull.
1 run, full on off stump, driven to long-off.
no run, back of a length and skids in on middle, cramps the batsman for room. Inside-edged to midwicket.
1 run, right in between the gap at third slip and gully in Test cricket. But no one there in T20s. Full and wide outside off, the batsman drives, gets a thick outside edge which flies to Mishra at third man. He fumbles, but no damage done.
no run, Robbie looks for a big biff over the leg side, but the ball rushes on to him, beating the bat and hitting the pad.
1 run, punched into the deep cover region.
no run, back of length outside off, comes forward and defends it on the off side, the backward point fielder is quick to the ball.
FOUR runs, feeding them now. On a length, into the pads, and he gets inside the line to flick it to the left of the diving long leg. That is an excellent fifty for the batsman.
1 run, length ball on middle, and going down the leg side. But the batsman manages to clip it off his pads to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, shorter and outside off, Dhawan lines it up and flat-bats it straight past the bowler and Saha for four. Width and that's Dhawan's release. Slip has been pulled out.
FOUR runs, hammered back past the bowler, mid-off had no chance. the bowler serves up a juicy full delivery with mid-off up. Can't do that.
1 run, short of a length and turning away outside off, punched to sweeper cover off the back foot.
1 run, nudged into midwicket.
1 run, waits a little longer this time, because he's picked the length early, and cuts the short ball on middle behind point.
FOUR runs, shot. Strays onto the pads, and Hardik likes the opportunity to use his wrists, whips it away up and over short fine leg, and deep backward square leg has little chance running to his right.
SIX runs, straight over his head! Axar has called the bowler's line, length, and pace, and then he's made full use. Slower ball at a good length outside off. He stepped into it's line and slapped it off the front foot, straight over the sightscreen!.
1 run, googly, good length and in at leg stump. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, length ball, angling into the batsman, tucked away towards the left of short midwicket.
no run, length on middle, extra bounce but the batsman gets on top of it and defends back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, pushed through on middle, the batsman rolls out the reverse-sweep and hits it between backward point and short third man for four.
1 run, slower ball now, and the batsman has to drop and run. He is not the quick the batsman we knew. He is nearly run out but Tewatia misses with the throw.
no run, length, outside off, and he looks for the cut, but misses out on contact.
OUT, Mavi into it. Get in, KKR. This is a huge wicket. McCullum said earlier the ball will move around. Tripathi said it seamed around early. And this one moves off the surface just enough to take the edge. This is on a length, the batsman looks to drive on the up, and edges it through.
FOUR runs, short and just outside off, quickly onto the back foot to punch this past extra cover.
2 runs, full toss outside off, carved away to deep cover. They push hard for the second, and he's just made it. That's some excellent running to steal that second run, even though the throw came in quickly.
2 runs, drills it to the left of point, leaning forward to the good length ball outside off, making sure his balance is going into the shot so he can control it better.
no run, short of a length, drifts away a long way and has him beaten.
1 run, works this length ball on leg stump to deep midwicket.
1 run, touch short outside off, doesn't bounce much, the batsman keeps low on the shot and pulls to deep midwicket.
no run, on a length, middle and off, pushed back to him.
1 wide, drifts this down leg, the batsman looks to paddle but misses.
1 run, fullish length, angled in towards middle and off, drilled to long-on.
FOUR runs, the batsman getting his own back. He dishes out beamers and bouncers, but is courageous enough to take it when it is thrown at him. Now he gets under a slower ball and lofts it over mid-off.
no run, rips it past the edge! Whew, that was gorgeous viewing. Dip, drift, grip and then past the batsman's forward defence.
1 run, very well bowled. The yorker on leg, jammed out to long-on.
no run, full, just outside off, and the batsman goes for a wild bat swing. Nowhere near the ball, as it goes to Bairstow on the bounce.
FOUR runs, slashed over cover. Good length and wide outside off, chucks his hands at that with the intention to go over the infield. That ball it's pace and angle, allows him to execute perfectly.
FOUR runs, cuts in the air, it lands short and wide of a diving backward point and runs away for four. Too short, not the kind of length you can ball to the batsman. Or anyone.
1 run, slower bouncer, arches back to upper cut, in the end just helps it past the keeper, short third man cuts it around.
3 runs, good length on middle stump and neatly tucked through midwicket. Shuffles onto the back foot and uses the pace to work this to deep square's left.
2 runs, gentle bunt into the leg side, the bowler sprints to try and stop the second but he fumbles while turning around and they steal an extra run.
no run, gets on top of the bounce and wrists this short of length delivery to mid on.
OUT, slower ball, wide down leg, but the batsman thinks he can clear short midwicket and take four. However, he ends up toe-ending this for a catch at short fine leg.
SIX runs, ends it with a six! Sliced over long off. Full on off, and sent into the stands. Royal Challengers Bangalore win by five wickets! And Delhi Daredevils are now officially eliminated.
1 run, short ball, pulled hard, but straight to deep square leg.
1 leg bye, attacks his ribcage with a short of length ball, the batsman hops across to work this to the leg side, gets some thigh pad on the way to short fine.
SIX runs, back of a length on leg stump, but the batsman was expecting that very length! Uses his bottom hand to flat-bat it over long on. Enough connection to take it beyond the boundary. Two terrific shots from the batsman.
1 run, looks to nudge it through wide mid-on as the bowler goes around the wicket. Gets a leading edge down to long-off.
1 run, nicely flighted outside off, the batsman moves towards the ball and bunts it down to long on.
1 run, short, wide and he cuts this fiercely, but they have a man at deep extra cover for this.
1 run, rolls his wrists to adjust to the slower ball on off stump and sends it skipping away through midwicket.
1 run, yorker at off stump, jammed into the off side.
1 run, uppish drive but bounces well short of mid-off.
no run, short at off stump, defended to point off the back foot.
1 run, length ball at 87.1ks, spins in at middle, flicked through midwicket.
1 run, angles into him, and he plays it with a dead bat towards point and calls his partner through for one.
1 run, short of a length, on-pace, pulled to deep midwicket for one.
no run, punches this shortish delivery to cover.
no run, short and up at the left shoulder. Looks for the hook but is through it early and cops that on the left forearm. It lands pitch side.
1 run, short-arm jab missed, a thin inside edge onto the pad as they scoot for a single.
1 run, on a length, no pace to work with, pushed towards long-off for one.
FOUR runs, width outside off, Dhawan slaps this length ball through extra cover.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, flat-batted down to long-on for a single that Delhi might not mind conceding.
2 runs, Kishan ventures down the track, nearly yorks himself, and squeezes this inswinger to midwicket.
1 run, punches this into the covers for an easy single.
1 run, half-tracker on middle, and pushed off the back foot to deep midwicket for one.
no run, played three shots in one! First looks to pull, then realises this bouncer is on off and tries to ramp, misses. Beaten.
FOUR runs, full, outside off, and he creams this through covers. Stand and deliver!.
SIX runs, wide length ball, the batsman gets the big front foot down, and dismisses this over long-on. the batsman looking in great touch.
1 run, digs the slower ball in short at off stump, shuffles and fends it into the leg side.
1 run, length, and he goes back and flciks this off his hips towards square leg.
OUT, Perfect start for CSK and the bowler! Back of a length and angling away outside off from over the stumps, Dhawan chases  it with a cut but is rooted to the crease as he throws his hands at the ball. He only ends up dragging it back onto the stumps via a thick inside edge. the bowler pumps his fist and celebrates. Dhawan bags a first-ball duck.
FOUR runs, they are feeding his pull again? After bowling a lovely outswinger, Krishna goes short, and he is not quick enough to bother Sharma, who goes over square leg. Yorks the boundary.
1 run, on length and turning in a bit, dabs it down to long-on.
no run, good length on middle stump, defended on the front foot.
SIX runs, strays towards the pads and the batsman won't let that go. Uses his wrists and flicks it off the middle to the long leg boundary. Goes all the way!.
1 run, gets it to move off the seam, but ends up on the pads and the batsman tucks it to fine leg.
no run, appeal for stumped! It was wide outside off, and the batsman lets it go thinking it'll go for a wide but knows fully well where his popping crease is. Slides his back leg inside the line before Saha whips the bails off.
no run, yorker just outside leg stump, but the ball hits his boot and rolls away to Dhoni. Could've been a wide if Jofra got out of the delivery's way. Royals need 25 off 12 now.
SIX runs, hammered over the ropes, into the second tier. Right to the pitch as he steps out and swings this over the bowler's head. Too much power. Clean ball-striking.
1 run, too short and he rocks back to pull, but there is a deep square leg.
1 run, short on middle, and the batsman pulls this square to cow corner. It's in the air, but falls short of the man at cow corner. the batsman wanted the second, but Jadeja chooses not to come back. DJ's not happy!.
1 run, length ball on middle and leg, flicked towards square leg.
no run, yorker and just outside off, jammed into the covers.
no run, slower ball, fullish outside off, and the batsman tries to cut this hard through point. Ball goes over his blade, and into the keeper's gloves.
1 run, shortish, comes into Hardik, who gets an under-edge that misses the leg-stump.
FOUR runs, short again, on off stump, and that's brilliantly done, super quick feet to jump right back and then swivel through the hips to pull into the gap between deep midwicket and long-on.
SIX runs, they're not ready to give up, sensational way to bring up a half-century. Backed away and slashed this short ball to clear square third man.
2 runs, slower again, back of a length, hacked into the ground, gets a couple square of deep midwicket.
no run, goes for the wide full one, and the batsman, who had shaped to make room premeditatedly, ends up too far from the ball and reaches out and misses.
1 run, fuller outside off, the batsman looks to smash it on the leg side but mistimes it towards long-on.
1 run, yorker, dug out well to long-on.
no run, length ball just outside, defended watchfully on the front foot.
2 runs, a shorter slower ball outside off, flicked away into the gap at midwicket for two. Right in the gap. Even Sam Billings can't stop two.
1 wide, full and curving away outside off. Beaten on the cover drive.
1 run, short again, pulled this time, just the single to wide long-on.
no run, advances down the ground and swings wildly with the ball slanted across him, nowhere near it as he misses.
FOUR runs, full, wide outside off, and he slaps a drive square past point. Fielder in the deep is nowhere close.
1 run, worked to deep midwicket.
no run, length ball outside off, steps out and punches to extra cover on the bounce.
FOUR runs, that is an absolute scorcher from KL! This is full, but not a half-volley, but he still manages to absolutely belt that on the up to beat mid-off even though he was just about a metre away from the ball. Delightful timing, this is why he gives the selectors a lot of headache when in form.
no run, wide yorker, sneaks under the bat. De the batsman searches for a quick single but he has been sent back. Kishan can't throw down the stumps.
no run, follows the short ball with a full inswinger, jammed out.
1 leg bye, tailed into him on the pads, low full toss, he misses with the flick. They take the leg-bye with the ball rolling back to the bowler's left.
1 run, length on leg stump, pushed deftly through square leg.
no run, another short of a length ball hooping in sharply at off stump. Dhawan chops straight to short third man.
1 wide, good length and down leg side, left alone.
no run, beaten. Cannot resist, but possibly misses out on a wide here because of how big his reach appears. This is tossed right up, wide outside off, spins past his attempted drill over extra cover.
1 wide, full toss that drifts down the leg side, the batsman swings and makes no contact.
FOUR runs, slower ball, short and wide and larruped through point for four more! Threw the entire kitchen at that, never mind the sink.
no run, back of a length, stays back and whips it against the turn between midwicket and long-on.
2 runs, sweeps this from wide outside off, places this wide of deep square leg.
no run, yorker speared in at middle stump. the batsman backs away and tries to squeeze it behind point, but he can only jam it into the leg side.
no run, back of a length on the hips, punched straight to midwicket.
SIX runs, he goes into the pitch but bowls seam-up and one pace. Sharma loves these 130ks short balls. Pulled over square leg for six more.
no run, short of a length and climbing steeply across off stump. Gets the bat out of the way to let this go.
OUT, full and in the slot but the batsman's unable to clear mid-off as he ends up toe-ending it straight to the man. That's lucky for the bowler but he'll take it. the batsman's done his job, however.
FOUR runs, wow, sweeeet. I think we have the most aesthetically pleasing shot of the match. Good length ball going across him, gets low, half a flex of the knee to get his weight into that and the perfect cover drive.
1 run, powerful sweep but there is a deep midwicket in place to keep this down to one.
no run, just short of extra cover. Dipping length ball outside off, reaches out and pushes at that with hard hands.
1 wide, skiddy bouncer but way over Kishan's head as he looks to swivel back and pull. Beaten.
no run, bouncer to end the over. the batsman does nothing to it. Two overs without a boundary for the bowler. This is excellent.
1 run, short and into the mid-riff, deflected fine with a pull shot.
1 wide, sees the batsman walk across and bowls it too wide outside his off-stump.
2 runs, low full toss on middle stump, shuffles and flicks off the toe-end to deep midwicket's left.
1 run, pushed through outside off, the batsman satisfies himself with another punch from the crease.
1 run, flat and wide outside off, carved to deep point for a single.
1 leg bye, length on middle stump, gets forward for the flick and misses. Cops it on the pad, runs and survives the run-out chance at the other end as DK misses with the throw. They decide not to review the lbw, probably going down.
no run, tosses this up, and he plays this towards cover.
2 runs, full just outside off, and the batsman gets his front foot out of the way to lift it over cover. Two men in the deep though.
1 run, might have been wide down leg had the batsman not worked this to long leg.
no run, length ball on the stumps, goes back and pushes it towards the batsman.
FOUR runs, strays on to the pads, and he flicks this away towards long leg. Decent length, but poor line to bowl from the bowler.
OUT, the bowler has one more. the batsman's horror IPL continues. He shows the right intent, makes room, hits hard, but straight to Curran at point. Smart catch because it is hit hard, but it has come straight at him.
1 run, shortish outside off, opens the face to third man.
2 runs, full on middle stump, leans in and flicks to deep midwicket's left.
1 run, good length at middle stump, aerial flick down to long-on.
1 run, goes across the stumps and works this to deep square leg. That's a day's pay well earned. Superb spell.
1 run, length at middle stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, hit on the helmet, lobs wide of point. DK was through with the pull even before the ball arrived.
1 run, the batsman opens his account with a drive to long on.
1 run, really full again, dug out wide of long-on, but they take just the one.
FOUR runs, another reverse sweep, another boundary, this time over short fine leg! This game's alive and kicking again. Rashid tries to keep it away from the batsman's hitting arc, bowling wide outside off. But the batsman's the wunderkind. So obviously he pulls off this outrageous shot.
1 run, fuller ball, and he dinks this towards square leg again. Wants two, but the Mumbai fielders converge on the ball quicker this time.
no run, ooh beaten outside off. on a length and it holds its line, he stayed inside the line and had a poke at it.
SIX runs, well this is why. the bowler comes back, thinks he has bowled a good short ball, and dismissively the batsman pulls it over midwicket for a six.
1 run, shorter leg break, he's back and working this with the wrists to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, short boundary on the leg side. the bowler bowls short of a length, the batsman stays deep in the crease to swing his arms through it, and goes over midwicket for a small flat six.
no run, back of a length and skids on outside off, nearly 97ks, opens the face and glides it to backward point.
OUT, length outside off, slower one at 105 kph, Moeen clears his front leg and looks to go over long-off but doesn't time it well and an easy catch for Thakur at long-off.
OUT, another googly gets him pitched a little short of length and the batsman wanted to smash it through midwicket, went for the pull but he was too early into the shot and the ball sneaks under his bat to knock back off-stump. The opening stand has been broken.
2 runs, nicely connected and nicely fielded by Santner, running to his right from the cover boundary. Full outside off, Shreyas gives himself room again and flays it over extra cover, but Santner does well to tumble and save the boundary.
1 run, good length and just outside off, dropped into the off side with soft hands.
1 run, full, driven to deep cover.
no run, starts with a slower ball outside off, and he is beaten on the big shot that he attempts over cover.
2 runs, full-toss outside off, shovelled away with the wrists to the right of long-on. Faf runs across to his right and swats it away towards deep midwicket.
1 run, full, just outside off, driven hard to long-on for one.
no run, length on off, the batsman shuffles across and defends to point.
1 run, full on off stump, gets forward and drives with the turn to long-off's left.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and that's been flat-batted to long on for a walking single.
no run, loopy on the middle and leg, spins in, catches the pad and rolls away behind square on the leg side.
1 run, pulls a short ball turning into him to deep square leg.
no run, beauty first ball to Sarfraz! What shape. Full on off, and turning across Sarfraz's bat as he tries to work it towards the leg side. Through to Kishan.
1 run, slower ball outside off, sitting up from a good length. Punched to sweeper's left.
1 run, full and onto the pads, flicked to deep square.
1 run, flat outside off, chopped to point for a run.
1 run, good length and curved into middle stump. Punched to mid-om off the back foot.
1 run, short and wide outside off, slashed to deep point for one.
1 run, full, just outside off, and driven gently past the bowler's left to long off.
FOUR runs, First-ball four for the batsman. He races down the track and smears it straight past the right of the bowler. Bam.
no run, wide length ball, the batsman drives on the up, but it gets big on him. Mis-hit to cover.
1 run, a full delivery outside off, slashed to deep point for a run.
FOUR runs, fuller on the pads, bowled at 98.7 kph, Moeen glances it fine, past short fine leg for four.
no run, length ball, on off, and the googly turns inwards. He checks a cut-shot to point.
2 runs, length ball, wide outside off, and punched with the turn to deep extra cover.
1 run, back of a length on middle stump, whipped to wide long-on.
1 run, hes's come down the wicket and scooped this straight up. Goes towards third man, and Siddarth Kaul drops it! Just didn't get his body underneath a skier, and eventually had to sprawl away to his left, making a hash of that early chance. Don't think he got his fingers to that, actually .
no run, bluffed him by bringing in slip, and he digs this in back of a length to tuck him up. the batsman rises up and defends it back slightly awkwardly.
no run, they have done well to get out of this over unscathed. There might be a bruise or two under the pads, but no wicket lost. the bowler is quick and short of a length again, and this time the batsman defends it.
1 run, steps out and eases this length delivery down to long-on.
1 run, over the wicket, back of a length at middle and off, pushed into midwicket with a straight bat.
1 run, a good yorker to finish. A low full toss on off, pushed to long-on. Thampi finishes with 4-0-70-0.
OUT, big big wicket. Mavi persisted with despite match-ups calling for Narine. And I don't think Mavi has done anything differently here. This is just one of those T20 things. You bowl the same delivery, and the batsmen plays vastly different shots. Mavi stays short of a length, widish, and the batsman gives him too much room this time, and edges through to Karthik.
no run, turn and grip from length on off, defended back.
no run, full outside off, and the batsman shapes up to deposit this over the bowler's head. But the extra turn deceives the batsman, and the delivery goes through to the keeper.
1 run, back of a length, the batsman gets behind the line and flicks to midwicket.
1 run, in the blockhole, Sarfaraz digs it out down the ground, long-on comes across to cut it off.
1 run, a good length delivery on off and middle, worked to deep square leg for a run.
1 run, length on off stump, driven to long-off with the turn.
1 run, legcutter, back of a length outside off. Slapped powerfully towards extra cover where Rayudu is slow getting the barrier down and cops it right on the knee cap. You don't want a swelling there, it's awful he's going to limp off for some treatment oh no. He walks till the boundary line with the physio and changes his mind. Goes into deep midwicket.
1 run, full outside off, leans in and slices to sweeper.
1 run, really full on off, 144.6ks, the batsman clears his front leg and hammers it wide of mid-off. Brathwaite throws himself to his left to stop the ball.
1 run, short ball in at the hips. He shovels it uppishly to deep midwicket.
1 run, short ball skids on too quickly for him. Attempted hook deflected towards short fine off the glove.
1 run, chopped to point.
1 run, on a length, gets away with just a single as the batsman manages to hit this only as far as point.
no run, full on middle, and driven off his toes to midwicket. Stopped by the infielder.
no run, good length and floated in at off stump, blocked on the front foot.
no run, tossed up slow, at 77kph, on off stump. Leans in for the drive with the turn but that holds its line and hits the top part of his bat.
2 runs, flat-bats this to long-off where Iyer slides around to stop this, can't stop the second though.
no run, on a length, outside off, the batsman pushes it to point.
no run, legbreak, low full-toss on off, tapped back to the bowler.
2 runs, fuller ball, and he drives this towards extra cover, and canters through for two. That's FIFTY for the batsman!.
2 runs, a shortish delivery around off, the batsman goes back and pulls to deep midwicket for a couple. Played that along the ground.
no run, googly again and it's turning big! Someone's told the bowler to bowl slow and trust his strength and he's doing just that. With pace off the ball, the batsman isn't able to just blindly hit. Here the batsman tries to defend and is beaten as the ball breaks into him.
no run, full and into off stump, solidly blocked on the front foot.
FOUR runs, dropped short, plenty of room as well, goes back and cuts it past backward point for four.
no run, on a length, outside off, punched to cover.
no run, bangs it in short now, and gets the angle right on this occasion. Within reach of the batsman to play a shot, but perhaps not the pull he was looking for. Plays and misses.
1 run, full, flicked behind square.
1 run, and this is good bowling. Even though the batsman shuffles enough to make connection with a wide length ball, the deep cover-point is in place to prevent a boundary.
no run, oooh, went through him. Good length outside off, moving in a touch. the batsman wanted to steer it to third man, but it goes between bat and body.
OUT, carrom ball does the trick. Length outside off, stays back and looks to play it towards third man but ends up playing too fine, into the wicketkeeper's hands.
2 runs, another full toss. the bowler is having a shicker. Dhawan has flicked this between deep midwicket and deep square. Samad dives to save the boundary but Holder is close to him and his spike lands on Samad's hand.
no run, full, dipping, dug out.
SIX runs, and this is double barrel stuff now. Not just Dhawan but the batsman also getting stuck into the bowler. Against the spin, not to its pitch, but he sweeps with all his might and hits him for a flat six square on the leg side.
no run, length ball on off stump, defended to short extra-cover.
no run, starts round the wicket, short outside off, the batsman plays and misses with his cut.
no run, nicely bowled. Sees the batsman coming so he fires it wider. Defended to cover.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and punching this to long off.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, the batsman comes out of his crease to try and nudge it through midwicket but ends up getting a leading edge through cover. Highest IPL score for the batsman.
no run, full and at the stumps. Backs away to open up the off side but can only jab this to extra cover.
no run, the googly outside off, punched to cover from the back foot.
1 run, on the leg side and the batsman helps it away easily to deep square leg.
no run, a second straight maiden. Just the on wicket this time, though. How disappointing Mo' the bowler. Short of a length, outside off, punched straight to point.
no run, wide yorker, lovely bowling, squeezes under his bat.
1 run, short of a length at off stump, squares him up as he goes on the back foot. Thick outside edge down to third man.
1 run, flatter on off, he's back and forcing this towards long on.
FOUR runs, another attempted yorker outside off, Moeen opens the face of the bat to run it past short third man for another boundary in that region.
FOUR runs, misfield at extra cover. Very poor work. Full ball outside off, steps out and drives firmly. Great timing on it. But it's straight at the fielder, Lomror, who just doesn't get down on it with the barrier.
1 leg bye, length ball, angled in, tries to flick and wears it on the pad instead.
OUT, and this is how anchor jobs hurt teams. He has wasted more than a quarter of the innings for less than a run a ball and now he is out when trying to hit. Full offcutter, outside leg, beats his swing, hits his pad, and then the off stump.
no run, wow! Goes through the batsman, just misses off stump and de Kock takes it near his shoulders. That swung in late from back of length around off, Billins presented the staright bat but on the wrong line.
no run, tossed up at 79kph, around off stumps, too full and de Villiers digs it out back towards the bowler.
no run, length ball just outside off. Defended into the covers from the crease.
FOUR runs, short of length outside off, cuts and cuts hard, not from the middle of the bat maybe but enough to beat deep backward point.
OUT, stays a bit low, Surya misses the ball completely as he tries to pull the short of length ball and he's plumb in front of middle stump. It pitched on off, came in with the angle and trapped him right in front.
OUT, finds extra cover. To the man who'd hit RCB's first IPL hundred. This is a full toss on off stump. He backs away and looks to slice it over the infield on the off side. It's a feeble lob to Pandey in the end.
2 runs, good length at leg stump, gets back in the crease and expertly pats this into vacant midwicket. Soft hands calibrated for a second run.
1 run, driven to long-on for another single. CSK breathing easy momentarily.
1 run, shortish delivery on middle and leg, punched to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, full on middle, and the batsman allows the body to go away from him. Mistimes his drive towards the off-side, but manages to find the gap between cover and cover point.
FOUR runs, shortish around off, minimal turn, the batsman stands tall and carves out a punch through the gap between cover and point.
1 run, good length at leg stump, punched to deep midwicket's right off the back foot.
SIX runs, and the batsman finally shows intent. Plays the pick-up to an on-pace length ball, and sends it sailing over midwicket for another six.
FOUR runs, 122 kph, a short delivery, aimed at the helmet. the batsman watches this nicely, gets on top of the bounce and pulls through square leg for four. Nice.
no run, stays in the crease this time and pushes it down to mid on.
1 run, forces this one through point to get off the mark.
no run, full ball, outside off, and he crunches a cover drive, but straight to the man at short cover.
1 run, another wrong'un, worked into the leg side for one.
SIX runs, smashed for six. the batsman backs away, makes room and Sran follows him. But what he does badly is bowl it on a full length, right in the slot. And slammed back over his head for six.
1 run, good length outside off, guided away to third man for a run.
OUT, poor shot in desperation results in the batsman's fall. Was looking to muscle this over midwicket but got it high on the bat and Williamson took a tumbling catch at mid-off.
1 run, full just outside off, and DK's front-foot drive takes the outside edge. Runs down to third man this time.
1 run, back of a length and slanting in on middle, punched down to long-on.
1 run, very full and angled across Rinku, who aims for the proverbial 'Row M' but can only cue-end a single to long on.
FOUR runs, back of a length and wide outside off, the batsman reaches out, opens the face and glides it away in the gap at point. Finesse from the batsman.
OUT, pulled straight to Rinku at deep midwicket. He didn't have to move an inch. This isn't a magic ball. Right there for the pull but Surya didn't get any power or timing behind that. Surya has thrown away a strong start.
1 run, short, angles in, and he flicks this away towards long leg.
no run, Mayank unfurls a handsome leg glance, but it's directed straight at Chahal, at midwicket inside the circle.
no run, slightly short of a length, straight at him, pushed to mid-on.
1 run, yorker outside off, gets low and guides this to third man's left.
no run, toe crusher! Yorker on middle, and YJB does well to get his toes out of the way and dig it away to the leg side.
no run, another cutter, the speedo nudging towards 130km/h, and the batsman pokes at it from the crease.
no run, gets the line right that time, just inside the tram line. the batsman stays rooted to his crease and tries to slam it through the offside, but is forced to reach for it and doesn't connect.
1 run, goes back and cuts a short one to the right of Bumrah, who's stationed somwhere between point and short third man.
1 run, short of a length and into leg stump, patted out to deep square.
1 run, shortish outside off, smeared to deep point.
no run, beaten. Googly release, legbreak off the pitch. Outside off, plays for the one that comes in.
1 run, shuffles across early and then awkwardly flicks it away to square leg for one.
1 run, short of a length and skidding on too quickly for him to get this pull away. Mistimed bunt into the leg side.
1 wide, the bowler goes wide of the crease and darts a full ball past the tramline. Off-side wide.
no run, on a length, dipping, on off, defended with an open face.
no run, slices the shortish delivery turning into him to backward point. Kings XI pulling things back. Last two overs, only nine runs, and a big wicket.
2 runs, squares him up. The first delivery of the type. Unfortunately for the bowler, it's his last of the season. Cross seam offbreak, turns from leg stump. Kishan follows with his hands and gets an edge to slip's left.
FOUR runs, dropped short on a leg stump line, gets back and whips forcefully to the deep backward square fence.
1 leg bye, drifts it onto the pads, tries to flick it away but gets hit on the pad. Pitching outside leg.
no run, sharp turn from middle and leg, hit on the thigh pad as he looks to whip this square.
1 run, the bowler continues to probe outside off, de Villiers poking at one that snakes in to him, an inside edge bouncing off his pads and into space for a run.
1 run, yorker, wide outside off, gets a single to deep cover.
1 run, length-ball offbreak, worked into the leg side for one.
no run, short! Pitches on middle, and soars straight through to Klaasen. the batsman had made some room to pull, perhaps, but played no shot.
1 run, flashed into the off side, and through for the single.
1 run, shorter length outside off, he defends with soft hands into the off side for a single.
no run, short outside off, nice pace and bounce, Dhawan attempts an upper cut but misses.
1 run, he's very wary of slow deliveries in line with the stumps. Waits until it gets to him, uses soft hands, angles the face and taps the ball gently to point.
1 leg bye, some bounce, drifting on leg and turns a bit, he goes back in his crease to push this around the corner.
1 run, walks across the stumps and flicks this full delivery to deep square leg.
1 wide, back of a length delivery wanders down leg as the batsman tries to pull.
1 run, yorker, just outside off, dug out to long-on for one.
SIX runs, slaps this length ball, just clears long-off. This is back of length outside off, the batsman held his shape and waited for the ball before swinging through cleanly.
1 run, another leading edge falls safe. Looks to work this to leg but ends up chipping it out of Mavi's reach.
no run, punches a length ball into the covers.
(no ball), that's really quick, 106ks, and he has beaten him on the late cut. Almost a seam-up delivery. But it is a no-ball.
1 run, shorter and outside off, punched down to long-on.
1 run, quick and full, worked into the leg side for one.
1 run, a good length delivery outside off, a thick outside edge flies down to third man for one.
no run, full toss on middle, pushed to deep cover but Pollard refuses the single to have strike for the next over.
1 run, good length at the stumps, tucked to deep square leg off the back foot.
no run, full on off stump, defends.
1 run, eases the flatter delivery on middle to the sweeper.
1 run, on a length, angling in, worked to deep midwicket for another single.
1 run, flicked down to fine leg to get off the mark.
2 runs, length ball angling into the pads, clipped to the left of fine leg.
1 run, nearly carries to deep midwicket! It was short on middle, didn't quite come on, the batsman tried to control the pull shot but had already committed to it, but luckily for him, it wasn't very well timed and went on the bounce to the fielder.
OUT, and gets a wicket first ball! Back of a length on middle, and the batsman tries to drag this behind square on the leg side. He's through his shot early, and the ball takes a feather edge off his bat. It hits his thigh pad thereafter, and lobs up into the air. Enough time for Dhoni to run to his right and complete a soft dismissal.
no run, length on off, the batsman tries to pull it without getting into a proper position, gets an inside edge back onto the body.
1 run, tossed up into the toes, tapped to the leg side.
1 run, full legbreak, driven along the ground to long-off for one.
1 run, tossed up again, and Dhawan is down the track too, drives to extra cover.
SIX runs, Hardik's turning it on here! Short on off, he rocks back, goes deep in his crease and lifts it over deep midwicket.
1 run, short on middle stump, but the batsman can't time the pull well. Put a lot of power behind that shot, but mistimed to deep midwicket.
2 runs, Rashid to the rescue at deep point again. Ran to his left from deep cover, and slid to save the boundary. the batsman had cut this powerfully.
no run, the batsman makes room outside leg, the bowler follows him with an arm-ball, jabbed to the covers.
1 run, short of length around off, goes back and pulls it towards deep midwicket for one.
2 runs, whips this from outside off towards deep midwicket, aggressive running.
no run, low full-toss, angling in at off, 144ks, pace like fire, squeezed to midwicket.
1 wide, length ball but way down the leg side.
FOUR runs, yorker goes awry, Hardus losing his line and sending the ball down the leg side. the batsman just needs to get bat on ball, and he does so to bring up his fifty.
OUT, the bowler with the three-fingered salute again. He has the batsman. This wicket is worth 10-15 runs. And he seems to have got really lucky. This is a plum full toss, and not even a slower one. the batsman is early into the shot, looks to drag this to leg, and is still early into it. Bowled.
no run, full and quick, the batsman backs away to punch this, but can't beat cover.
SIX runs, full outside off, and the batsman backs away before thumping it over deep extra cover! His highest score in the IPL!.
1 run, and that's fifty for Sarfaraz, fuller around off, drives it towards long-off for an easy single.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched wide of cover for one.
FOUR runs, ramped over the keeper. Nicely done. Short and rising in the corridor. Not express pace that. He arches into the leg side and watches that lift off the face of his bat.
no run, length on the pads, tucked away to short fine-leg but suddenly there's more urgency in the field and they don't get the single.
1 run, length outside off, bit of width on offer, cracked away off the backfoot by the batsman, on the bounce to third-man's right, who does well to keep it to one.
no run, down the wicket with no intent to hit a six. Pushes this back to him.
1 run, good length outside off, and punched off the back foot to the man at extra cover.
1 run, short at off stump, pulled off the front foot deep square's left.
2 runs, goes for the lap shot, and it takes the top edge and skews towards third man. Just beyond the reach of Amit Mishra at short third man. Was looking to go over fine leg, but the slow pace of the ball forced the mistake. Lucky to survive!.
no run, full and straight, defended coming forward.
no run, on a length, quick, punched to cover. Not one ball in the slot so far.
2 runs, length ball, wide outside off, and he flat-bats a pull to long on.
FOUR runs, gets the pull away this time! Length in the corridor, not a slower ball this time and he half-swivels and thumps this between midwicket and mid-on.
1 run, shortish and outside off, steered down to third man.
1 run, googly but this is tossed up way outside leg, turned to deep square.
SIX runs, boom. the bowler messes up his slower ball. It's dug very short and it's sitting up at leg stump. the batsman stands tall and slaughters it, over deep square.
FOUR runs, short of a length, no room, hit uppishly, exciting SRH, but in the gap between cover-point and cover.
1 run, too short and down leg, paddled to deep square leg.
1 run, short of a length outside off, cut to point.
FOUR runs, too short, too slow, and Curran rocks back and pulls that away nicely between long on and deep midwicket. Almost pin-drop silence at the ground.
FOUR runs, wide outside off, and that's been drilled through the cover region! Big stride forward and timed to perfection.
SIX runs, length, and he has walloped this over long on. What a shot, and what a time to pull this off!.
1 run, 106kph. Cutter at a length outside off. It's like Axar's back. the batsman into that early and awkwardly jabs that through square leg.
1 run, slower short ball, hit in the air towards deep midwicket. Heart-in-mouth stuff. Doesn't carry to the fielder.
2 runs, Uthappa has dropped a skier. He has been off colour in the field all night. On-pace length ball, right in the slot, the batsman opens up the front leg to leg, but gets a massive top edge. Uthappa has ages to catch this but he misjudges it and ends up diving at extra-cover circle. Doesn't even get a hand to it.
no run, yorker on off, dug out to mid-on.
no run, length outside off, steered to point.
1 run, full, just outside off, dug out to mid-off for one.
no run, short and rising too quickly at middle stump. Backs away to pull but that's ended up at mid-off.
no run, back of a length and attacking off, tapped to cover off the back foot.
no run, on a length, on off, defended solidly back to Arshdeep.
SIX runs, tipped over the boundary at long-on! Looks like it's Gurkeerat. Low full toss outside off, slogs at it and gets it off the low part of the bat. Gurkeerat leaps to his left and it's got his fingertips. Tough chance. Kishan still hasn't nailed one off the middle. Now is the time.
1 run, full outside off, swerved away a little from Hardik, drilled to deep extra cover for one.
1 run, on-pace bouncer, the batsman keeps the pull down, gets a single.
1 run, on a length, around off, whipped to long-on for one.
SIX runs, the bowler loops it up on off stump, the batsman charges down the track, meets it on a half-volley and muscles it over the long-on boundary. That's outta here.
1 run, slow on middle and off, worked away to deep midwicket for a run.
no run, good length on off stump, blocked on the front foot.
no run, skids into him again, without turning, and almost seeming to hasten after pitching. Dhawan manages to squirt it to cover.
no run, whups this from outside off to Yuvraj at midwicket.
1 run, tossed up outside off, and he drives this towards extra cover. Steyn stops it with his boot, and gets some support from his teammate in pulling the ball back.
1 run, length on off, the batsman turns it around with his wrists towards deep squareleg to retain strike.
1 run, fuller outside off, comes forward and sweeps it behind square.
FOUR runs, slower one outside off, the batsman makes room and throws his bat at it, the outside edge flies over short third-man and into the boundary.
no run, short and just outside off, cut to backward point.
1 run, back of a length around middle, worked to square leg. Clever from the batsman.
no run, short, and he ducks under this one. Thought about guiding it over slip for a while, but lets it go.
SIX runs, short, and he swings this around towards long leg. Doesn't bother to roll his wrists, and doesn't need to!.
1 run, back of a length but it doesn't bounce at all, Moeen steers it to short third man from knee-height.
1 leg bye, strikes him on the pad as Unadkat is late on the flick shot.
1 run, full outside off, opens the face and runs it through point.
FOUR runs, slower ball, wide of off stump, and the batsman waits on it and gets it in front of square with a drive.
1 wide, short ball well down leg side. Can't get bat on the pull.
no run, on a length, on top of off, defended from the crease.
2 runs, yorker outside off, Hardik squeezes it away through the off side for a couple.
1 run, short and wide outside off, onto the back foot to slap this to deep extra cover.
SIX runs, six more, into the stands! This one is dropped short, around off. the batsman rocks back and swats a pull over deep midwicket. Great hit again. Playing the spinner's probabilities.
1 run, googly. Floated up full on leg stump, clipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, wide, cut away for a single.
FOUR runs, he's clubbed this to the midwicket boundary. Poor ball, too short and the batsman was waiting.
1 run, low full toss at middle stump, punched straight to midwicket who fumbles and gives them a run at long-on.
1 leg bye, the batsman looks to make room again, but Thampi follows him and they pinch a single as the ball zips past an attempted glance and ricochets off his pad.
OUT, the batsman is furious with himself. Tripathi keeps his calm at deep midwicket boundary. Was a short one outside off, the batsman went for the pull but doesn't get the distance on this, Tripathi times his jump perfectly, both feet in the air when he pouched it. A big, big wicket.
1 run, squares him up in the corridor. Short of a length, he looks to defend and does well to play with soft hands as this pings to third man off the outside edge.
1 run, full, on leg stump, and whipped off his pads to deep backward square.
FOUR runs, length on middle, swept away towards deep squareleg who makes a meal of it, misjudging the turn to his right after it landed.
no run, short and into the corridor. Nicely on top of that to defend to point.
no run, good length and just a shade outside off, inches forward and pats it to cover.
no run, beats him as the batsman tries to make room to cut a short ball pitching on leg stump and angling away.
OUT, the batsman picked his spots in that previous the bowler over, but it is not so easy when the field is spread out. the bowler keeps bowling wide legcutters to him. He looks to go over the off side but he has to manufacture all the pace. He can't. Caught at deep cover.
1 run, another full toss, on middle stump this time and lower, he gives himself room and carves it away to deep point.
1 run, keeps it on a back of a length, the line is outside off, the batsman rides it down to deep third man.
1 run, bunts this length ball to point as they scamper a single.
no run, length around off, comes forward and offers a solid defence, was looking to steal a single as well but it went straight towards Nadeem at cover, retraces his steps in time.
no run, short ball, can't negotiate the bounce well as he fails to connect with a pull and wears it on the upper body instead.
no run, for a change, a batsman is angry with a wide call. Or the lack of it in this case. Bounce lifts past his attempted hook and the leg-umpire signals first bouncer. Rightly so.
1 run, length on the pads, pushed to midwicket's left and they scamper a single.
FOUR runs, chipped, and perfectly placed! the batsman has started in full flow this evening, leaning well forward and then using his wrists to lift a full ball cleanly and wide of long on. Long on and midwicket both charge around, but neither can get to it.
no run, short and wide, he's back and cutting firmly but straight at Jadeja at backward point.
1 run, fuller, turned to midwicket's left.
SIX runs, helped up and over, just over the leaping Rajpoot at fine leg. Too short on leg stump and he just used the pace to help it along. Would've been a little nervous.
1 run, short of a length, into the body, tucked away for one.
2 runs, good length and into middle stump. Gets down for the sweep and gets this off the thick inside edge to deep square's right.
1 run, full and dips on off, driven past the left of the bowler to long-off.
1 wide, slower ball, wide down the leg side.
1 run, slower ball, but very full outside off. He can't slog it away and through to Pant on the bounce. They're running for the runs anyway, and Pant's throw to the bowler can't be collected by the bowler. Rajasthan get the run.
no run, short of a good length, turning in at off stump. Punched to extra cover off the back foot.
FOUR runs, drilled past extra cover! Goes full and wide outside off, but the batsman kinda expected it. Backs away to make some extra room and slaps it past the cover-region.
1 run, short at middle stump, shuffles and flicks to deep square off the back foot.
no run, googly on middle, and turning across the batsman. Tapped off the back foot to the bowler.
OUT, he's done him with a slider again. There's some drift back in. the batsman goes back to pull but is beaten by this 90kph delivery that goes straight on to beat his attempted whip and crash into the stumps.
no run, length ball, angles into him, 133.2kph, and he tries to drive this, but under-edges it down on to the pitch.
no run, full ball, just outside off, and the batsman looks to hit down the ground again, but misses. This was quicker, at 142kph.
FOUR runs, outside edge! the batsman backs away to try and smoke it over extra cover. But the ball skews away over Gayle, and just as he catches up with the ball, he tries to stop it with his feet and instead kicks it over the boundary.
no run, tries the outswinger. Short of a length, outside off, beats him on the defence, but also dies in front of the keeper.
no run, short of a length, on-pace, short-arm pull, but straight to midwicket.
no run, full and wide outside off. Forces the batsman to reach at it, but the ball's inside the tram-lines. An excellent delivery to end the over.
no run, bouncer at an off stump line, ducks under that to let it pass.
SIX runs, Patel shows he is not a one-trick pony. the bowler goes wide outside off, and he shows the more classical inside-out lofted drive for six. Cooler as.
1 run, good length and spinning into off stump, lunges out and gets an inside edge onto pad that deflects so short third's right.
FOUR runs, short on middle, the batsman is on the front foot but manages to pull it away from there, in front of square, helped by the slowness of the pitch and that's a boundary.
OUT, taken at deep midwicket. Tosses this up slowly at a middle and leg line. He's hitting into the longer side. And he can't clear the fielder with the slog. Floats nicely out to Jadeja who takes it inisde the line.
1 wide, goes full and wide outside off. the batsman shuffles across to the off side but chooses not to play at it. The ump calls it as extras.
no run, short of a length, quick, outside off, punched back to him.
1 run, tossed up outside off, comes forward and flicks it towards wide long-on.
2 runs, a low full on the stumps, hits it towards deep midwicket and Jadeja is once again quick to come back for the second, the throw is at the bowler's end, the bowler relays it to Bairstow but the batsman is in by that time, Vijay Shankar chose the wrong end to throw.
no run, he backs away to leg but the bowler follows him, the ball jagging in off the track to beat a whip into the leg side and strike him on the thigh.
no run, full on off stump, driven to extra-cover.
FOUR runs, a miscue flies just straight of a diving Paul at mid on and away! He charged and swung hard and gets it off the toe, it flew just straight of mid on and bounced away. Paul's dive wasn't far away.
no run, beautiful delivery! Classical legbreak. Full outside off, and turning away from the batsman. the batsman tries to drive inside-out, but the ball goes past his bat. Nath whips the bails off, and is the batsman's back foot in the air? Nope.
1 run, length outside off, short-arm pull to long-on.
no run, short of a length on off stump, the batsman plays it watchfully.
1 run, plenty of width to free the arms, but the batsman can't beat the field, the bowler's placed a deep extra cover there and the ball finds him perfectly.
1 run, length ball and dipping at leg stump. Heaved out to deep backward square.
1 leg bye, overpitched on the pads and he cops it on them as he misses on the flick.
1 run, length ball outside off, punched towards sweeper cover for one.
no run, too full on the stumps and clipped nicely off his toes but straight to midwicket.
1 run, length outside off, leans in, drives to long-off.
1 run, length and angled in, tucked away towards squareleg for one.
1 run, tossed up on off, the batsman comes forward and across, works it around with his wrists towards squareleg for one.
1 run, rocks back and slaps the pull to long on.
1 run, it clears cover, and they complete the run. Delhi celebrate. Yes yes, it's another cutter outside off. the batsman swings again, like he has been doing and the ball lobs off the outside half, but because every one is in, the ball clears the infield. And Delhi Daredevils complete a thrilling seven-wicket win against Mumbai.
no run, good length, punched to cover.
no run, length ball wide outside off, left alone.
no run, beaten. Wild heave from the batsman, isn't close to connecting. This length ball climbs over the off stump.
1 leg bye, short of a length, too quick for him. A leg-bye to square leg.
1 run, again, he knows the batsman is coming down at him and fires it in flat and at the pads. Shreyas though is good enough to flick it for runs behind square leg.
no run, short outside off, and the batsman goes chasing after it. Tries to slash a cut over slip, but misses.
FOUR runs, slapped away, a misfield at cover means there's a boundary. Should've been a dot. Oh, dear. The fielder? Sanju Samson.
1 run, good length, stump to stump, the batsman gets it high on the bat while pushing towards cover.
FOUR runs, short, and he cuts this, and it goes past first slip and short third man, bisecting the gap perfectly towards the third man fence. Chancy!.
1 run, takes a step down to negate the turn and turns the ball to leg for one.
1 run, short, hip high, but he has a deep square leg in place to keep this pull down to just one run.
no run, short and cramping him at middle stump, jumps to get on top of that and gets it as far as point.
no run, slower short ball outside off, and Pant gets his body behind this take as it reaches him on a half-volley.
1 run, round the wicket, full outside off, driven to mid-off.
1 run, short and turning away outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
2 runs, lofted over the infield, but Williamson, running back from cover, can't get there. They scamper back for the second.
no run, gets an inside edge to a back of a length delivery outside off.
2 runs, short at middle stump, pulled between deep square and fine leg.
no run, length ball just outside off, solidly behind the line to defend on the back foot.
SIX runs, full toss and the batsman munches it for six more! Filthy from MIshra, would have been rude not to respond in kind, a lusty hump into the stands  moves to the brink of fifty.
1 run, looped up full, just outside off, and Dhawan turns the strike over with a drive to long off.
FOUR runs, the batsman jumps across off, meets a middle-stump full-toss and scoops it right over the head of short fine leg.
1 run, Singh chips the first ball to long-off for one.
SIX runs, drilled over wide long-on! This is a poor length. Full slower ball at middle, gets the front leg out and clubs that slog to the top tier.
1 run, punches this length delivery to long on for a single.
1 run, fuller and down the leg side, swept hard towards the left of fine leg.
no run, short and slower ball, wide outside off. Beaten on the cut.
OUT, full on off, right in the swinging arc, but the batsman does not get all of it. He miscues a loft to Kohli at the long-off region. The RCB captain moved to his left from long-on and pouched it in front of AB at long-off. the batsman got it off the toe end, giving Kohli catching practice.
1 run, full at off stump, driven towards mid-off who is on the edge of the circle.
1 run, charges down, the bowler cleverly fires this full and wide, the batsman reaches out to squeeze this away to cover.
no run, flat and straight, pushed back to the bowler.
no run, angled across the left-hander, the batsman bides his time and pokes towards mid-off.
1 wide, that's too far down leg and he'll have to rebowl that.
no run, short of a length, outside off, defended with an open face.
2 runs, Tahir has dropped the batsman at deep square leg That would have been nail in coffin with Undertaker's music playing, but the batsman gets a life. Swept from leg-stump, gets a top edge, and Tahir makes a hash of it.
1 run, back of a length on middle stump, clipped to deep midwicket.
OUT, skidder from the bowler, takes out the off stump. the bowler doesn't quite run like he often does, fairly subdued celebration. Kishan aims to pull it away to the leg side, but the bowler's quick for him.
no run, chance of a run out! But MSD misses. Full on off, and tapped towards the leg side. But the ball's barely gone ten feet away and Carlos runs down the wicket. Yusuf tells him to race back - with MSD chasing behind it - but the direct-hit never came!.
no run, short of good length just outside off, chopped to point's right.
no run, quick, and on a length outside off. Tapped to cover off the front foot.
1 run, quicker and flatter on the pads, scooped away towards deep squareleg for one.
1 run, good end from both parties. Back of a length outside off, guided down to third man for a single.
4 byes, gone through everybody! Attempts the reverse sweep, but the ball spins sharply down the leg side. Won't be called a wide since the batsman changed his stance, but Klaasen can't hold onto that either.
no run, the batsman skips down the track, the bowler bowls the slower one, and he hits this to mid-on for a dot.
OUT, top-edges the pull because he's beaten for pace, went a mile in the air. KL called loud and clear, and ensured he didn't take his eyes off.
1 run, back of a length and angling in towards off stump, dragged away towards wide long-on.
1 run, drifting into middle and leg, tucked to square leg.
1 run, tossed up around off but too full, Hardik digs it out towards long-off.
no run, beaten. the bowler gets some sharp climb across the corridor as the batsman gets stuck in the crease, fishing away from the body.
no run, short of a length outside off, chopped to short third.
no run, good length, slider that scooted through. the batsman got his bat down in time to defend.
OUT, the bowler has done the job. Brought back to get the batsman out, the bowler delivers. Fast short ball, the batsman back away and swings, gets a big top edge and Nortje runs in from third man to claim it.
1 run, slower short ball in the corridor. Shapes to pull but that dies on him and he has to arch back and guide this to short third.
no run, edged and just short of Dhawan at slip! Length outside off, pokes at it with his feet rooted to the crease but the nick falls well short of Dhawan, who was quite deep.
OUT, no Rashid, it's a free hit for Moeen, not you! A smooth pick up and throw from his left at extra cover to knock out the stumps at the non-striker's end. Moeen is at three yards out, not even in close enough to attempt a dive or a slide of the bat. It was a full ball fired outside off, cleared the front leg, hit it straight to extra and took off. It was hit too well to pinch a run. A golden duck off a free hit ball, write that one down, all you quizmasters.
no run, nipbacker off a length on middle, tucked into the leg side again.
no run, length outside off, chopped away to cover-point.
nan
SIX runs, goes over the ropes, clears deep midwicket. Clean loft, done with such class and composure. Got outside the line and then swung this with the spin. Delightful.
FOUR runs, full toss, on off stump, and the batsman opens his bat's face to drive. Placed past point, and that goes away for four! Crowd on its feet as the batsman raises his bat. Fifty.
no run, massive bounce from a pretty full length outside off, and that late outswing too. Wise decision from the batsman to leave it.
1 run, full and just outside off, looks to pump that straight but it comes off the toe-end and long-off is quick running in at it.
1 run, low full toss on off stump, and the batsman taps it with hard hands towards cow corner. He's off the mark.
no run, inside edge as he looks to cut this short ball outside off. Past the stumps and rolls out towards short fine.
OUT, overpitched outside off, but the slower one does him in. Tried to slog it towards deep midwicket again, but this time it's a one-handed shot. Doesn't have the distance, and Stokes - at long on - settles under it.
OUT, Base of middle Thampi seals the game! The simplest way to knock over the tailender. Go full, go straight, watch him flop around like mad and knock the stumps over. the batsman goes for the scoop, so he probably expected the fuller ball, just couldn't come out the right side of the gamble.
1 wide, angled too sharply down the leg side and the batsman can't put it away with the glance.
no run, full at off stump, driven to point.
no run, length just outside off, steps out and is beaten in flight. Nicely bowled. Pokes on the up to extra cover.
1 run, length, and he punches this down towards midwicket.
no run, beaten on the pull. Short ball seams away wide outside off and he can't manage to drag that into the leg side.
no run, on a length, middle and leg, pushed straight to short midwicket.
no run, angles a zippy short of length delivery across the batsman, who drops his wrists and lets this go.
1 run, worked wide of mid-on this time.
OUT, smart bowling. the batsman sees this is shortish again, and thinks he has another boundary for the taking, but this is slightly wider and bounces a touch extra. Takes the top endge for an easy catch towards Dhoni, but the bowler is so committed to it that Dhoni lets him take it.
FOUR runs, he's squared up by the ball angling across him, short of a length, but he adjusts just about well enough to slice the ball past the left of short third man.
1 run, looks to ramp an on-pace length ball over short fine. Gets an inside edge onto the pad.
OUT, looks to ramp it instead of looking to take the single to hand over the strike to Ferguson. the bowler beats him and uproots the leg stump.
1 run, on a length, and there is turn again. He goes back to punch this past point.
no run, sees the batsman charging down, and the bowler goes short and wide. Forces the batsman to reach at it, and he can't get bat to ball!.
no run, bouncer at middle stump. Beaten on the pull.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, dropped towards point for one.
no run, skiddy googly, breaks back in, cramps the batsman for room and hits the back pad. This is close but the on-field umpire shoots down the lbw appeal. Missing leg stump? Nope. Ball-tracking suggests it would have hit leg stump.
1 run, sprays one into the pads of the batsman who flicks to midwicket.
OUT, another lovely yorker, given lbw but I think he will get it reviewed and overturned because of the angle. He is beaten after shuffling across, but this is bowled over the wicket and has hit him in front of off. Has to be missing. But it is not. The replay shows it to be swinging back in. That is surprising, but I am not going to question the technology here. I got it wrong unlike the bowler who has been nailing his yorkers.
1 run, slower, short ball outside off, 110ks, heaved off the inside half through midwicket.
2 runs, full and wide again, this time he gets bat on it, and thick outside edge brings them two.
no run, length ball, goes back and punches it towards extra cover once again.
2 runs, slower and fuller outside off, he leans into the drive and gets this behind point. Square third man comes around to cut that off.
no run, full and quick, defended back to him.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length, Dhawan is down the wicket to punch this to extra cover.
1 run, short and wide outside off, backs away and cuts to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, well Dhawan reminds me of the spinner jibes the bowler keeps getting. He moves across early, picks the slower ball, and sweeps him like an offspinner. Over square leg.
1 run, short of a length, straight, worked to leg for one.
no run, rides the bounce on this short of a length delivery outside off and guides it to point.
1 run, takes this on the full and drives it down the ground. Comfortable stop for long off.
FOUR runs, the batsman is batting in another world. Incredible batting. Makes room, the bowler goes for top of off, but he drives this on the up, and the ball singes the outfield as he rushes across through extra cover.
SIX runs, and now he gets one in the slot. On a length, just outside off, turning in, and he has slog-swept this to Dubai, it would appear. Lands on the grass banks.
OUT, taken! Mumbai strike. A back of a length delivery on middle and off, the batsman stays on the back foot, looking to pull but he is hurried through the stroke, due to the pace of the ball. All he can do is splice a pull to Rohit at midwicket.
1 run, length outside off, cuts it towards wide long-off for one.
1 wide, back of a length, short on off, and the ball balloons over the batsman's head.
1 run, wide length ball, driven on the up to deep point for one.
OUT, length on middle, slower ball the batsman swings but the change in pace means he has to fetch it from well in front of his body, gets no power behind it and it's a simple catch down to deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length outside off, uses his wrists to drag this to deep midwicket's right to bring up his fifty.
1 run, full outside off, driven a bit too well to long-off's left this time to steal a second.
SIX runs, full on off, and that's been thumped over cow corner! Once again the batsman goes well to deep inside the crease, gets his front leg out of the way, and then powers it into the midwicket boundary.
no run, leg-stump yorker, squeezed back to the bowler.
no run, length ball, and he presses forward to defend this.
2 runs, short and into the hips. Stays tall at that and clips it fine. Chawla runs across from long leg and puts in a dive to stop one-handed to his right.
1 run, wide of the crease, skidding in at off stump, forced back past the bowler.
1 wide, he loses his line with that slower one, it's gone well outside off.
FOUR runs, width outside off and he slaps this length ball to extra cover. First sign of width and he walloped that away.
no run, makes room to carve this behind point but the bowler bowls this full and straight outside off. Beaten.
no run, slightly fuller, but not full enough to drive comfortably. the batsman gets on the front foot to drive it, but can only get it off the toe-end, back to the bowler.
1 run, on a length, straight, turned around the corner for one.
OUT, one more for the bowler. This pitch is extremely slow. A length ball, Pandya looking to work it to leg, but the ball stops on him and takes the leading edge for a lob to settle with Williamson at short midwicket.
1 run, legbreak on the pads, turned to long on.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, flicked away towards deep square leg to get off the mark.
1 run, slower short ball, tries to hit it hard, but gets a single to deep midwicket.
1 run, fuller, straighter, worked to leg for one.
SIX runs, and here we go! Soars over long on. Good length on off, and the ball's in the batsman's arc. Cleanly swatted over the bowler with the bat's full swing.
2 runs, backs away and slaps it away through extra cover, Rashid at long-off sprints to his left and cuts it off at the boundary.
no run, short of a length and cramped at off stump. Looks to punch, can only get it back down the pitch.
FOUR runs, all wrists. This is on a length, and on the pads, and he has flicked this between mid-on and midwicket. Slightly fuller than good length in fact.
OUT, he's held on! Dhawal Kulkarni makes up, and how! Skips up at long-off and stretches his hands back to hold on! A full ball from the bowler, drilled flat by the batsman. And after putting down a sitter, he drags this back after it has nearly cleared him. The keeps his shape and lands in front of the rope. Superb.
FOUR runs, the bowler can't nail the yorker at all. Overpitched another one and watches the batsman thump him straight down the ground.
1 run, the batsman backs away early, the bowler slips a full wide one, the batsman gets no power into the drive. Takes the single to deep cover.
no run, Slower length ball just outside off, presses forward for a push into the covers.
1 run, good length and into the pads, punched to deep midwicket off the back foot.
no run, now the quick short one to follow him as he backs away. Draws a dot.
no run, another, higher, bouncer. the batsman looks to ramp it, and is beaten.
1 run, looks like the googly, Sharma stays back to punch it to wide long-on.
no run, back of a length on off, and too close to Hardik for the cut. Played straight to Kohli at cover point.
1 leg bye, full and angling in, 145 kph, the batsman wants to flick it away but it rolls off his pad to where leg slip would be.
2 runs, back of a length and outside off, backs away and swats it with a flat bat to sweeper. Tahir runs across, slides to his right, and stops the ball.
SIX runs, what pressure?, the batsman asks as he jumps down once more and sends this flying into the second tier over long-on! What a player this guy is. He hasn't got to the pitch of this after stepping out but he goes through and launches it long.
1 run, length ball on off, and he backs away to carve it to sweeper cover. the batsman wants the second, but Lynn does well to end him back. Would've been harakiri.
nan
no run, action replay of the previous ball. Back of a length angling across. the batsman makes contact with only air while clearing his front leg to go hard at the ball.
1 run, good length outside off, steered down to third man off the front foot.
no run, good length just outside off on the fourth-stump line. the batsman takes a step forward and taps it back to the bowler.
SIX runs, oh, that's huge! That's a massive strike. So much power in those arms as he backs away to a short one and lofts it over deep midwicket with the angle. Miles into the stands.
1 wide, This has been called a wide. Sharma has shuffled across, which is why he goes wider, and while it looks really wide, it has gone under Sharma's bat. KKR not happy with the call.
to Rahul, 2 runs, wide length ball, driven on the up, straight of deep cover. Easy two.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to long-off for one.
no run, mighty full and on off, stabbed back to the bowler. He stretches out his right hand and collects the ball.
SIX runs, and the batsman hits the third one for a six. Tyagi misses the yorker, puts this in the slot, and the batsman clears the front leg to loft him back over his head for a six.
SIX runs, high and handsome! Picks the length ball, launches it straight back over the bowler's head.
1 run, works a straight delivery off his pads behind square.
2 runs, slower ball outside off, opens the face and drives to sweeper's left.
SIX runs, clears his front leg and smites this full delivery over deep midwicket. Too much muscle! Beautiful swing.
1 run, back of a length on the hips, quietly tucked around the corner for one.
FOUR runs, half-volley, spanked wide of mid off! In the hitting arc and he didn't miss out, smashing this slower ball into the gap!.
2 runs, short of a length, wide, steered square of deep point for a couple.
no run, full on the pads, tickled to short fine-leg.
no run, the batsman backs away again, but this is slightly fuller and slightly straighter, so attacking his stumps more. the batsman defends respecfully.
no run, beaten. the batsman doesn't look for the single. Short ball outside off, looks to smoke it into the leg side with a pull but misses. He is exhausted. Possibly has a cramp in his left wrist as well. It's hard trying to hit with that force on this pitch, takes a real toll.
1 run, short of a length on middle stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
SIX runs, a beauty from the batsman! Trademark straight six against the fast bowler. It's a length ball just outside off, he's so well balanced as he swings through the line of this and lofts it over the long-off boundary. Sweet, sweet connection.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, mistimed cut into the covers.
1 run, sweeps but no timing, off a thick inside edge to deep square leg.
1 run, length ball, into the pads, swept to deep backward square for one.
FOUR runs, oh lovely placement. They brought cover in and put extra cover out. the batsman backs away and punches this length ball to that deep fielder's left off the back foot. Rabada gets a hand on it too with a dive to his left. Manages to push it into the padding with the momentum.
FOUR runs, short and just outside off, arches back for the cut and gets a thick outside edge fine of third man.
1 run, full and straight, a low full toss, pushed towards long-on for one.
FOUR runs, full on the pads and the batsman sweeps hard and flat, couple of bounces and into the boundary at deep squareleg.
2 runs, full and wide outside off, chopped to sweeper's left.
1 run, eases this full delivery down to long off.
no run, fullish on middle, driven straight back.
1 run, googly, short and into leg stump. Pulled out to deep midwicket.
1 run, length, and he comes forward and flicks this towards short midwicket.
1 run, on a length, angling in, punched to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, short of a length at middle stump, nudged to midwicket's right off the back foot.
no run, length at middle stump, steps out and pokes it down the pitch.
2 runs, still too full, the batsman drives along the ground this time through the covers and gets two.
1 run, full on leg, and he clips this away - off his boots - to deep backward square.
no run, short and slides in on middle and leg, 99ks, hangs back and defends to the leg side.
1 run, good length and just outside off, dropped into the covers with soft hands, off the front foot.
2 runs, quick legbreak, Dhawan places it wide of long-on with soft hands. Comes back for two.
1 run, full on middle, and turning towards off stump. Guided away to point for a quick single.
1 run, whips this length ball to deep square leg.
1 run, good length and wide outside off, backs away and pummels this on the up but can't beat extra cover.
SIX runs, nice knee-high full toss. Yoroker gone wrong. the batsman sends him for a six back over his head. All unfurling of the wrists at the last moment. As the batsman often does with these hits.
4 byes, walks across for an ill-advised paddle to a back of a length delivery that's around two sets of stumps outside off. Needless to say, gets nowhere near it.
1 run, into the body, worked away to deep square leg for one.
no run, fired into middle from around the stumps, defended back.
1 run, short of a length at off, dropped into the off side with soft hands and a loud call for the single.
1 run, gets right to the pitch of the ball as he eases this to sweeper cover.
no run, length ball around off, stays back and pushes it towards cover.
1 bye, fuller outside off and spinning away, the batsman throws everything at it but it spins away from him, Parthiv cannot collect it neatly and the batsmen take a bye. This should have been a wide though.
1 run, slower ball at a length on middle stump, offers the full face and taps it past the non-striker.
no run, good length and across off stump, shuffles and looks for the slog. Beaten.
to Iyer, no run, short of a length, outside off, pushed to point.
1 run, low full toss on off stump, driven to long-off.
1 run, thick outside edge as he drives, this time to third man.
FOUR runs, length on off, pushes forward tentatively, hint of movement back in induces an inside edge that just misses the stumps and races to the fence.
OUT, chips it straight to extra cover. Good length and just outside off. Only half a stride from the batsman and a feeble push away from is body as this turns and stays a little steep. Loose shot at best, looked completely out of sorts against the bowler today. Easy take for Rohit.
1 wide, short, wide, too wide.
no run, length ball angling across him, pushed to point.
no run, beats him with extra bounce on a shortish ball outside off. the batsman pushes at it with his hands.
no run, length ball on off, the batsman punches from the crease.
SIX runs, lovely shot. This is high-quality hitting. Seriously. It is short of a length, around the waist, and he has still managed to drive this on the up and over extra for a six no less. Incredible shot.
no run, back of a length outside off, and shaping away from the batsman. Opens his bat's face and plays it square to point.
no run, pitched up outside off, he drives it down to mid-off.
no run, full and straight, blocked back to him.
FOUR runs, good length and just outside off, brings the hammer down on that, hardly any feet, but the off-drive is well to mid-off's right.
1 run, short of a length, angling in, pushed wide of mid-on for another single.
1 run, good length on middle stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
2 runs, scythed to sweeper's right. Full toss wide outside off, floated away a touch and he hung back and had a whip at this.
1 run, length outside off, goes for the cut but fails to keep it down, just away from the backward point, to his right.
no run, finishes with a legbreak on off, defended. Rashid walks away with outstanding figures of 4-0-13-1, including 18 dots.
1 run, slower ball, offcutter, pushed down to long-on for one.
1 run, slower offcutter, just the single. Smart comeback from the bowler after being hit for a six off the first ball.
1 run, quick length ball, into the pads, defended.
SIX runs, length, and he has picked this up from outside off and sent it over deep midwicket. Just clears the fielder there, but across the ropes.
1 run, short, and he has top-edged this. Klaasen runs in towards his left from fine leg, and grasses this! Fast ball, and he didn't know much about where it went, looking to go over long leg, but it fell somewhere between fine leg and backward square leg.
SIX runs, swiped away. the bowler goes marginally short and with his stump-to-stump line, the batsman has the freedom to go behind square. He's got the ability to get on the back foot quickly too. Sends it over square leg.
SIX runs, in his arc, and muscled! Full outside off, and turning into the batsman this time. Goes down on one knee, and sent into the cow-corner boundary.
no run, spins back in, defended to the leg side. Sharp turn.
no run, length at middle and leg, hurries onto him. Defended to square leg off the back foot.
no run, full on middle stump, flicked straight to midwicket.
1 run, whipped uppishly but down to AB on the bounce at deep midwicket.
1 run, full, driven towards long-on.
no run, and he's almost done first ball! the bowler tests the batsman on an offstump line with one that nips in to him, the ball coming off the inside half of the bat and bouncing just past the stumps.
SIX runs, well he doesn't miss out this time. Short ball on an easy-paced pitch, and he is waiting for it. Pulls this 138ks ball over midwicket for six.
2 runs, another slower ball, he's down the track to swat it over cow corner but it takes the inside edge to fine leg. They hustle for two, the fielder there was a mite slow in getting to the ball.
no run, defends a length ball back. That's a win for Mumbai because Gayle won't bat more in the Powerplay.
1 run, darted on the stumps and the batsman pushes into a gap for one more.
1 wide, slower ball, down the leg side, wide.
1 wide, slips this full delivery down leg, the batsman overbalanced as he misses this flick. Wide called. This was another knuckleball.
no run, short and wide, and the batsman would have been better served staying still. Chose to premeditate and make room for the cut, and ended up too far from the line to make contact.
no run, lovely yorker. On off. Dug out.
no run, brings the length shorter and swings it into the batsman's body this time, cramped up for room and he takes it near the abdomen.
FOUR runs, dropped short outside off, backs away and whips this firmly to sweeper's right. Cummins mistimes the slide and that's through from under him.
1 wide, goes full and wide but it's way too wide, actually. DK pulls out of the shot and earns a free run.
OUT, tries to cut it late, it's much slower through the air, turns away from the batsman outside off and he edges to the keeper and walks.
no run, slower ball on off stump, stays back and defends it back to the bowler.
1 run, short of a length and across him outside off, whips to mid-on's left.
2 runs, full outside off, slogs across that and hits this into his partner's feet it appears. And that deflects towards long-off.
OUT, bowled him! Skidder from the bowler, a bit low arm, and angled in from wide of the crease around the wicket. Clears the front leg and looks to whip into the leg side. It's hit his back leg and deflected onto the stumps.
1 run, full, slight swing, hits the outer half of the bat for a single to extra cover.
1 run, full on off, eased down to long-on for one.
no run, a low full toss outside off, smashed to deep cover. No run again. He just can't hit a boundary.
no run, back of a length, angling away into a fifth-stump line. Stops on the batsman a little as he shapes to slap through the covers, and he ends up dragging it back to the bowler.
1 run, good length on the fourth-stump line, and the batsman taps it down the ground to mid off. Forced to call for the quick single, and they eventually scamper through comfortably.
1 leg bye, back of a length on middle, and the ball hits the batsman's shoulders. Delivery rolls down to third man.
1 run, yorker, and he biffs this away towards long leg.
1 run, offcutter dropped short outside off, slapped on the up to sweeper cover.
no run, length, angled across, the batsman stays back and defends towards cover.
FOUR runs, too much room and Dhawan smacks that through the square region with a full swing of the arms for a cracking four.
no run, back of a length outside off, the batsman stays back and carves the ball to point. No feet movement, not much at least.
no run, slow, short of a length, wide, and it squeezes under his bat. Excellent first over for the bowler.
1 run, short of a length, punched to deep midwicket.
1 run, finds the gap this time. Full and wide, the batsman gets forward and slices a drive to deep point.
1 run, full on middle, and the googly is met by the batsman after coming down the wicket. Looks to whip it away to the leg side, but the ball goes fine behind square.
1 run, length on leg stump, looks to flick, gets it into the leg side.
1 run, width outside off and he stands tall to steer this down to square third man.
1 run, Mayank whips across his front pad to collect a single behind square on the leg side.
no run, yorker on middle, and Rohit does well to keep this away. Rohit wants the single, but the bowler's quick to intercept.
1 run, length ball outside off, and going straight through. Faf stands tall and slaps it past the point region to the fielder in the deep.
FOUR runs, scooped it to vacant fine leg! Not a shot he ever plays. This is full and wide outside off, and he knows it's going to be there because there's no one behind square on the leg side. Gets in line, falls over but manages to get it there.
no run, length and at the stumps. Solidly defended on the front foot.
no run, short of a length, no room, the batsman doesn't like this. Hit straight to cover-point. Needs to learn how to work singles off these deliveries if he can't hit boundaries off short-of-a-length deliveries.
FOUR runs, a pristine late cut from the batsman. He's played some delightful strokes today, and that's as good as any. Short of a length from the bowler, straightens around off, and the batsman stays back and cuts late through backward point.
1 run, wicket-to-wicket stuff, and it's flicked out to the man in the deep on the leg side.
no run, slower short ball well outside off, the batsman lets it go but it's not a wide.
no run, quick length ball, no room, defended to cover.
FOUR runs, the batsman dictating terms here. Not a bad ball, short of a length, straight, but he picks the length early, swivels back and slogs this almost through square leg and along the ground.
SIX runs, clears long-off! Neat little loft from the batsman, after several attempts to go straight against spin. This is full and outside off, he's got a big stride out and cleared the fielder with ease.
1 run, length ball, on off, and nudged away off his pads to midwicket for one.
1 run, little full and the batsman drives it down to long off for one.
no run, full and wide. Just short of being a yorker, but the batsman can't get under it. Beaten.
1 run, short of a length, tucked away off the hip to long leg.
no run, on a length, middle and off, defended off the back foot.
1 run, full and outside off, forward and pushed into the covers.
OUT, has he bowled him? Or is it caught behind? Looks good for both. It is bowled. Short of a length, skidding onwards and clipping the top of off as the batsman exposes middle and off to try and play the cut. Nice, quick readjustments from the young bowler after that nervous first over.
no run, length ball on off, and skidding through once more. Goes deep onto the back foot, and defends to short mid-on.
FOUR runs, clean strike. Stepped out, moved to the leg side and lofted this inside-out one bounce to the wide long-off fence.
1 wide, slower bouncer from around the wicket, loops over the batsman who can't get bat on that because it's a wide.
1 run, bouncer, pulled away crisply, but gets just a single to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower length ball, angling in, tucked away through square leg.
2 runs, off-stump yorker, squirted away towards wide long-on. the batsman hares back for the second.
no run, through to the keeper! Full, slower from the bowler, but wide outside the tramlines. But since the batsman walked across to the ball, umpire Nitin Menon deems that a legal ball.
1 run, nails the yorker from round the wicket and Prabhsimran slices it through point.
1 run, short outside off, he cuts off the back foot and gets one as Kuldeep misfields at point. Looked like a wrong'un.
SIX runs, the batsman sort of makes up for that refused second. He picks the slower ball, stays deep in the crease, and lofts this back over the bowler's head for a small six. Finally over a 100 SR.
1 run, low full toss wide outside off, carted straight to deep extra.
FOUR runs, length ball, angling away from off stump and allowing the batsman to free his arms, and the batsman flows forward for a lofted chip over extra-cover. Excellent timing.
no run, full on leg stump, and that's been swept! Only to Fizz at short fine leg, though.
1 run, full on off stump, and the batsman muscles this past the non-striker to long on. CSK more than happy to give these singles.
1 run, length ball at the stumps, punched down to long-on.
SIX runs, chopped over the third man boundary. Just strays a bit wide this time, and the batsman chops deliberately aerial as third man is in. Marginally short and wide outside off from the bowler.
OUT, bouncer gets him Khaleel the bowler is having a great comeback. Banged this in short and got it to climb over the shoulder outside off. Bad choice of shot from Dhawan, trying to pull it from just over shoulder height outside off. Sends it more high than far, and Bhuvneshwar at fine leg settles under the looping ball to hold it safely, after a small juggle.
2 runs, full and straight, placed between deep square and deep midwicket, comes back for two.
1 run, taps a good-length delivery to the off side.
1 run, sweeps it square this time, but there is protection i nthe deep.
1 leg bye, short at the batsman's arm pit, 144.6ks, cramps the batsman for room, flapped away to square leg.
no run, back of a length, and it keeps low as it slides along with the angle, towards middle stump. Ensures he plays with a straight bat and keeps it out, punches it back to the bowler.
no run, beaten as he looks for the ramp to third man. Slip has gone out this over. That's rapid and getting big at him in the corridor. He arches backwards to try and steer this.
FOUR runs, smart batting Fired this down leg, poor ball and the batsman waits and paddles it fine, very fine. No chance for any fielder.
1 wide, bouncer dug in too short, ducks under it.
1 wide, slants a length ball away, but does so outside the wide line. Some early exercise for Maraius Erasmus.
no run, length ball on off, and tapped towards the on-side. the bowler runs across to the leg side, to intercept.
2 runs, twists his body in trying to bring the bat in front of his pad, and tries to keep it as straight as possible too, wary of the awayswing the bowler gets. Good timing on the shot as it races away to the right of mid-on.
SIX runs, clubs it over long-off this time! This is a nice little no-look six thing the batsman has developed here. Second time against the bowler tonight. Length ball, skidding on nicely. He keeps the head down once again and goes through the line, barely looking up once he's nailed the connection.
1 run, full outside off, leans in and drives to long-off.
no run, short of a length in the corridor, tapped to backward point.
no run, slower ball again, short of a length, grips the surface, and beats his pull.
1 run, good length and wide outside off, under-edge on the drive to extra cover's left.
1 run, back of a length, wide outside off, and the attempted pull nearly goes straight to midwicket! Pawan Negi drops a tough chance diving forward.
2 runs, short of length once again, the batsman goes back and pulls it towards deep midwicket, Negi once again fumbles but recovers just in time to keep it to two.
2 runs, good length outside off, gets forward and low and sweeps to deep square's left.
1 run, full on off, and that's been defended with soft hands. Cover's too deep, so they can walk across for another run.
1 run, full toss, which he hits back at the bowler and gets a deflection to long-off.
no run, really full on off, opens the face and runs it to backward point.
2 runs, yorker on leg stump, digs this out to long-on. Times it fairly well and they want two. Russell is swooping on the ball but he hobbles after picking it up a bit. Worry lines for KKR? He seemed okay walking back to his spot after throwing the ball back.
1 wide, bowls his too far wide outside off, and it's been called rightly so by the umpire as the batsman let that go.
no run, short of a length, ends up just outside off, he opens the face, but can't get it past point.
1 run, good length, slower ball on off stump. Mistimed slog dragged to long-on.
FOUR runs, a thick inside edge for four. Full and wide outside off, the ball seams back in. Misses the stumps and misses the fine leg fielder.
1 run, full and wide, hit to extra cover again, and this time Garg holds on to it.
FOUR runs, and the batsman says he is in enough to be taking the bowler on. He knows mid-off is up, and he sets himself to go over that man. On top of the bounce, and inside-out over that man. Clean swing.
1 run, the batsman is looking to charge him, and the bowler starts off with a slower ball to keep him in check. Punched to deep point.
1 run, short of a length, on top off, dropped wide of cover for one.
1 run, good length and in at middle stump, turned towards square leg with soft hands.
FOUR runs, slower cutter outside off, short and outside off, the batsman reaches out and carves it away behind point, beats third man in the deep. So, a hat-trick of boundaries for the batsman.
no run, maiden over. Ends with a length ball within the stumps, and draws a defensive push from the batsman. Excellent start from Arshdeep.
1 run, a slower delivery again outside off, slashed to deep point.
FOUR runs, and Pollard ducks for cover now! Low full toss on off, and Hardik swings across the line to bludgeon a flat-batted shot to the long-on boundary.
OUT, oh this looks like a bullet as it leaves his bat but de Villiers has found deep point with precision. Relief for the bowler as de Villiers looked like he was going to reprise his KKR heroics after the bowler dropped him earlier. This is on a length, just outside off, and de Villiers leans back to time the pants off it. Just can't place this wide of the man.
2 runs, short of a length, starts around leg, shapes away to off, punched between point and cover-point.
no run, short, straightening around off, cuts off the backfoot and Kohli makes a diving stop at cover.
FOUR runs, reverse sweep over backward point. Good length ball dug into off stump, rising slowly, but he gets under this and nails the execution.
no run, full and into the pads, flicked to midwicket.
2 runs, no power on this one, but they two to long-on's left. Curran outraged with Jadhav who he feels should have attacked that better to his left. Slower short ball, miscued pull. Jadhav is looking for affirmation to his left from deep midwicket and from long-off to his right.
1 wide, ah, down the leg side. Just back of a length and drifts and spins past his attempted flick.
OUT, finds deep backward square. Just short of a good length, and therefore gets big on the batsman who is down for the sweep. He can't control as he scythes from under this and gets a top edge straight to Midhun.
1 run, length but wide outside off, Rohit reaches for it and toe-ends it towards mid-off.
no run, looking for the fine paddle sweep, was very slow from the bowler, the ball climbs past the paddle sweep.
no run, top delivery. On a length, on-pace, pitches just outside off and then seams away against the angle. Beats him.
no run, slower in the air, straighter, gets some turn, hits him on the pad, but it is headed down leg.
1 wide, bouncer down leg side, beaten on the pull.
no run, short of length outside off, backs away once again but cannot beat the cover fielder.
2 runs, low full-toss outside off, the batsman shuffles across and drills it straight down the ground.
1 run, an attempted heave into the leg side instead brings a single down to long off, the batsman playing a little too early at another slower one.
1 run, works this googly from length on middle to long on.
no run, excellently bowled, very slow through the air outside off, loads of flight. The ball leaves Sid the batsman on the outside edge.
FOUR runs, whack. A word invented precisely for when this man stretches his arms at a length ball wide outside off. Fizzes past extra cover.
FOUR runs, boom! Steps out and pumps him straight! At a length on off stump again and he meets this outside leg to drill past his partner.
1 run, driven to long-on for one.
1 run, finds some swing this time, but he can't get this to pitch. A floaty full toss outside off and he crunches it on the bounce to long-off.
2 runs, moves across and whips the slow and low full toss to long leg. Chahar is stationed there but de the batsman comes back and throws in a dive as the throw comes wide.
1 run, flatter, on the pads, clipped through square leg.
1 run, angling into him, tucked off his pads to deep square leg.
1 run, tossed up outside off, leans in and taps it to point's right.
1 run, slower ball on middle, holds in the surface, the batsman checks his drive and chips it towards mid-on for one.
no run, flatter and quicker on the stumps, defended from the back foot.
no run, length outside off, comes down the wicket and swings wildly and misses by a mile.
no run, more towards middle now, he defends on the leg side.
OUT, splits middle and leg! Superb. Didn't get him early on but gets him anyway. Around the wicket, full and and fast and angled in at leg stump. the batsman walks into the leg side and makes room to drive through cover. Misses it entirely.
no run, length on off and he fetches it on the pull, hammers it, but straight to mid-on, perhaps toe-ended it a little.
FOUR runs, length on middle, the batsman goes through the line and down the ground foe four but was nearly caught at mid-on where Rabada made a  brilliant effort diving to his left.
1 run, a high full toss but under the waist. 128 kph. Defended to cover for one. Just under the waist.
1 run, Akshdeep steps into a crunchy little drive, picking out the cover sweeper.
FOUR runs, full, swinging in, clipped off the pads through midwicket, neatly timed through the gap.
no run, good length and just outside off, pushed towards mid-off on the front foot.
2 runs, slower ball, short of a length on leg stump. Nudged to deep square off the back foot.
1 run, slides it into the pads, and the batsman uses the angle and spin to tuck behind square.
1 run, good length at middle stump, leans in and flicks to deep midwicket.
1 run, full, on off, pushed down to long-on for one.
no run, quick one at 143.3 kph, gets it to bounce up a bit extra off a length and hits Parthiv on the thigh, beaten on the pull.
1 run, nice length, not in the arc, not short, can only work it to leg for one.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, gets on the back foot and flicks to deep square to bring up his fifty.
no run, beaten by legcutter. Lovely ball. Lands it on a length outside off and goes past the outside edge as he has a swish at this.
1 run, hurries the batsman for pace as he gets a thick inside edge on the drive to mid on, quick single scampered.
no run, past the edge. A wicket maiden. Good length and outside off, with some climb. Looks to feel for that on the front foot and is done for pace.
1 run, full on leg stump, and that's been whipped off his pads to deep backward square. Off the mark.
1 run, flatter and shorter outside off, hauled away to wide long-on off the back foot.
OUT, straight toe extra cover. The the batsman experiment ends quickly. It's a length ball outside off and he can get neither power, or elevation as he tries to clear the fielder there. Russell, the man, slightly wrongfooted - moving to his left - but holds on above his right shoulder.
FOUR runs, slapped on the up again, this one through cover. Short of a length and a lot of room outside off. Gets his weight into this and throws everything into the punch on the up.
1 run, falls short of deep midwicket! Shreyas hurries down the pitch to meet a delivery fired into his pads and lifts it gently over midwicket, but it almost seems like he's timed this too well and that it'll end up in Rayudu's hands as he hurries forward. Good effort from the fielder, especially to put his body behind the ball so that he could at least prevent the boundary.
no run, no wrong'un first up. The quick legbreak again. Defended.
no run, short of a length, outside off, he opens the face but is beaten.
OUT, taken by Rahul in the short fine leg region. the bowler has his first wicket of the season. Bouncer up at his left shoulder. Swipes from under it and takes his eyes off the ball. Ends up slicing it. Rahul with a short sprint to the right to take that. the bowler punches the air and breathes a sigh of relief. It's been a difficult tournament for him until tonight.
1 run, good length and angled into the stumps. Whipped aerially down to long-on.
FOUR runs, too much width, way too much width, and Rohit plays a front-foot slap that flies away between point and backward point.
no run, excellent googly, breaks back in sharply from outside off. the batsman looks to whip through midwicket but appears to have missed it. But snicko shows a small spike as ball passed the bat.  Saved by a very minute deviation. .
FOUR runs, the bowler is losing it here. Full toss outside off. the batsman crashes this wide of long-on for four more.
OUT, gone first ball on his 30th birthday! The crowd has come alive, I tell you. the bowler banged it in and the batsman went hard at it with a swing of the arms, got only a top edge and de Kock ran a long way back to complete a superb catch.
no run, good length and angled away from middle stump. Deep in the crease as he defends off the outside part of the bat.
1 run, length at leg stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, full, outside off stump, and the googly spins inwards. He caresses a drive through the covers on this occasion.
1 run, again that quick pace, this time just outside off, opens his bat face to dab into the point region.
no run, leading edge short of the bowler. Bouncy, bouncy. Short of a length ball is up at the batsman's ribs. He's tried to get on top of that and close the face on it for the single to fine leg. He's done it too soon but he survives.
OUT, goes for a big heave over the leg side and he's picked out Jadeja at deep midwicket who takes it reverse-cupped. Slower ball from the bowler does the trick as he messes up the timing by rolling his fingers over this delivery.
2 runs, moves across early, the bowler slips in a yorker, but the bat comes down in time. They take two as this goes wide of midwicket, but doesn't race to the boundary riders.
1 run, slips in a length ball on middle, Vijay tucks this towards midwicket.
no run, slow and dipping yorker at 112.6kmh, very well bowled and it beats Curran and the off stump by a whisker!.
no run, good length outside off, jams the bat down and blocks into the off side.
1 run, pushes this through, the slider, no turn, middle and leg, short of a length, pushed to leg for one.
FOUR runs, clobbered! This time on the bounce, bisects deep midwicket and long-on. He went length, got punished.
OUT, taken at midwicket. Short ball, rolls the fingers on it outside off. At his throat, and he's taken his eyes off it as he looks for the hook. Slices gently for Rahane who takes a few steps to his right to hold on.
FOUR runs, punched wide of mid-off and beats his sprint too. Good length and into middle stump. Had to jump quickly into the leg side to make room, but did it well enough for the power into the punch.
no run, short ball gets him in the body as he steps out and is through the pull shot early. That almost dipped into his body. Deflected to Bairstow's left.
FOUR runs, first slip's been removed, and the ball flies through that region! Unlucky the bowler. Full outside off, angling in, and the batsman looks to drive straight. Ball takes the outside-edge and runs down to the third-man boundary.
no run, shorter length, he's back and tucking this to square leg.
no run, feels for this short of a length delivery outside off and gets beaten on the outside edge.
1 run, strays down leg, cramping him for room. Worked to deep square leg.
1 run, short of a length, around off, pushed towards mid-on.
1 wide, fizzing through to the keeper, short, sharp, aggressive   and wide.
1 run, full on off stump, driven to long-off with the turn.
1 run, full and wide outside off, swept to deep midwicket's left.
1 run, flat and straight, the ball spins back in, worked away to deep midwicket.
OUT, length, and he has flicked this towards deep midwicket, where Shubman Gill comepletes the catch.
SIX runs, is that a six? Yes, it is. the batsman with some timely blows here but have they come too late? Short of a length, he backs away to give himself room and heaves it over cow corner. DD need at least three more of these.
1 run, slower ball outside off, a full toss dipping on the batsman and quite wide, pushes it towards the cover region to bring up his fifty.
FOUR runs, this is perhaps the first time the luck has run SRH's way tonight. Looks to hit this length ball hard, and gets an edge thick enough to go past Pant.
1 run, pulls this length ball to long on. Hurried onto the batsman.
1 run, good length and sliding on at leg stump. Looks to punch through cover, gets a thick inside edge out to deep midwicket.
1 run, length, angled in, helped along the ground to fine-leg.
FOUR runs, quicker, on middle stump. It's angling down the leg side however, and all the batsman has to do is drag it fine. Flicked very fine, and between the keeper and short third man. Hat-trick of boundaries.
1 run, on a length, outside off, he goes back to open the face for a single to short third man.
FOUR runs, too short this time, and it doesn't get high. About midriff-high, and he pulls it into the short boundary for four. A thousand IPL runs for the batsman.
1 run, length ball on the pads, clipped away towards short fine leg.
SIX runs, full outside off, another straighter one, overpitched again, the batsman extends his arms and goes over the mid-off, the timing carries it over the boundary.
1 run, full outside off, turns back in again as he tries to work it towards midwicket and gets a thick inside edge to short fine-leg.
no run, a good length delivery outside off, some inward shape. Carved away to extra cover.
FOUR runs, over the bowler and into the boundary. Full at middle. Mayank waiting in the leg side again with his front leg. Just misses fractionally and he gets the perfect connection to get this over the bowler. His highest IPL score.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to mid-off off the inside half.
no run, on a length and outside off, the bowler finds outswing again, Rohit dares to step out, he has a big whooosh at it  and misses.
1 run, good length on middle stump, but the extra bounce doesn't bother the tall the batsman. Flat-batted over Fizz's head to Pollard at long on.
no run, gets on top of the bounce and blocks.
OUT, big appeal for catch behind. Turned down. SRH don't review, but the umpires now send it upstairs with a soft signal not out. Yorker wide outside off, he looks to jab at that and there's a sound as it goes through to the keeper. Third umpire Barde said this review is for bump ball so the on-field umpire reckons there's bat on it. Which might well mean the batsman will go here, because that doesn't look close to being a bump ball, and it could be conclusive based on the replays. They haven't checked for the actual edge, no Ultra Edge used, so just to reiterate - the umpire thought that was edged. It's given out. But the batsman reviews that decision! Now we'll have Ultra Edge. Another can of worms here though - because the batsman was walking towards the dressing room as he turned back and made the signal for a review. Did he get adviced by the dugout? We don't know yet. What we do know - there is a spike as ball goes past bat. So the umpire's original decision, overturned by the umpire himself, is reviewed by the batsman, who is in fact, out. At the end of it all, KXIP are a review short. Welcome to cricket.
to Buttler, FOUR runs, picks his spot. Mid-off is up, and Buttler makes room to take this from outside leg and loft it over mid-off.
1 run, slower ball at off stump, flicked uppishly to deep square.
no run, a flat-footed mow, wide of off stump and through to the keeper.
SIX runs, a cute little pick-up shot for a six first ball. the bowler bowls length, just slides down a little, and he uses all the pace of the bowler to flick him over long leg.
2 runs, sliding into the pads, helped along the way, fine leg is up, but Boult makes a diving save to keep them down to two.
1 run, Faf is a little early into this forcing stroke as the ball seems to hold up a little, but the ball rolls into a gap on the leg side and they take a single.
2 runs, short of a length outside off, allows it on and drags this to deep midwicket's left to bring up his fifty. Flexes his left bicep and gives it a pat with the bat as he acknowledges the applause from his dugout.
SIX runs, lovely hit! Length ball at leg stump, gets behind the line and lifts it on the rise. Every time the seamers have gone back to their normal paces, they've been hit. Near impossible to lift one from short of a length like this other wise. But he's done superbly to get it over wide long-on.
1 run, goes back to flick a good length ball behind square leg.
no run, full, slight shape back in towards off, defended.
no run, a change of pace from Mitch, clipped off the pads but well stopped at short midwicket.
1 run, good length outside off, punched to long-off.
SIX runs, full toss, the yorker gone wrong. You can't get an inch wrong here or you'll be punished. Yusuf whips it over deep midwicket. Oh, how the scales have tilted back and forth!.
1 run, short of a good length at off stump, onto the back foot and pulls to deep midwicket.
1 run, tossed up on off stump, and driven down the ground past the bowler. Straight to long off.
no run, looks to drive to long-off, but gets hit on the inside half of the bat. A much-needed dot for the bowler.
1 run, slower ball on off, steers it to third man.
no run, quicker ball, hits him on the thigh pad as the batsman attempts another big hit into the leg side.
1 wide, huge wide, loses direction in trying to swing the ball back in, slips it down leg in the process.
1 run, short of a length skidder at off stump, steps out and drives to long-on.
1 run, really full again, driven to long-off for one.
1 run, full ball, on off stump, and he eases this towards mid on. There's a direct hit at the non-striker's end, though, and they go up for this. He's well in, though.
1 run, leading edge but safe. Rolls between cover and point for a quick single.
1 run, flatter ball on middle stump, worked to midwicket off the back foot and they're off for the quick single. Chance of a run-out at the non-striker's, but it's not a direct hit.
SIX runs, slog-swept, T20'd away over midwicket. Kishan trusts his form and instinct, saw some flight and decided early, smashed over midwicket.
1 run, slower ball on the pads, clipped away to deep squareleg.
FOUR runs, dances down the tack, Mitch bangs it in short and the batsman smacks it with a full swing on the off side for a cracking four.
no run, length on off, rocks back and pushes it to cover.
no run, full outside off, pushed to cover.
1 run, length ball outside off, opens the face, gets a single.
FOUR runs, Zoinks, that is a staggeringly good first ball, a massive booming inswinger, the batsman jabs down late and somehow digs it out through fine leg for four!.
no run, chops this slower delivery to backward point. Pressure building.
1 run, stays short of that slogging length, outside off, punched to deep cover.
1 run, tossed up, and wide outside off. Big stride in from DK and driven past extra cover to the man in the deep.
no run, short of a length outside off, jabbed to point from the crease.
no run, beaten on the cut. That rips past the outside edge.
1 run, on a length, angling in, worked to leg for one.
FOUR runs, full on leg stump, flicked off the pads through square leg.
1 leg bye, appeal for lbw turned down as the batsman walked across and tried to tickle it fine. SRH review upon the bowler's insistence, and it would have missed leg.
no run, good length at middle stump, big stride out and a hard-handed push to extra cover.
FOUR runs, dragged down outside off, Dhawan skips back and flat-bats it fiercely to the left of long-off.
1 run, length on middle, the batsman makes room and then opens the face of the bat to guide it along the ground to third-man.
no run, length and in at the stumps, nudged towards mid-on.
no run, beauty! Beats the edge with one that zips across with the batsman looking to steer behind square.
no run, does well to sway away from that. Short ball angled into middle stump. Gets low and arches backwards.
no run, low full toss on leg stump, gets down for the lap sweep and hits it straight to short fine.
1 run, short of a length outside off, opens the face and jabs it to point off the under-edge.
1 run, good length just outside off. Stays on the back foot, and runs it down to third man.
1 run, full on off, hint of swing back in and pushed to mid-off.
FOUR runs, thick edge to the third man boundary. Looks to drive this length ball through the covers from outside off and ends up playing inside the line.
no run, good length on middle stump, punched to mid-on's left.
no run, short of a length outside off, opens the face and plays late to backward point.
1 wide, poor delivery, way down the leg side, the batsman walks inside the line and allows it through.
1 wide, fuller but down the leg side, looks to sweep it away but misses.
no run, good length and angled in at middle stump. Gets an early stride in and is cramped. Forced to nudge this to midwicket.
SIX runs, this has been clobbered deep into the stands at backward square leg. Sat up nicely, Dhawan swivelled back and allowed his wrists to create magic! The release shot. Will we see a different Dhawan from now?.
no run, full and straight, clipped to midwicket.
1 run, looks like a hat-trick of successful reviews against S Ravi but he has got this one right. the batsman looks dead for all money as he walks across his stumps but replays show he has got a bit of an inside edge. They lose the review.
no run, past off stump as the batsman gets low for the slog sweep but doesn't get anywhere near the pitch.
no run, full on middle stump, and that's been pushed off the front foot towards cover. Sky doesn't want the run.
1 run, rises up with the short ball aimed at his body and deflects it to long leg.
1 run, length on middle, the batsman stays rooted to the crease but brings his bat down in time to push it to long-on.
2 runs, advances down the wicket to a short ball, and flicks it towards deep midwicket. They pick up two comfortably.
no run, square driven  but can't pierce the packed off side ring again.
no run, length around off, comes forward and flicks it towards short midwicket.
no run, length ball, angles into him, and he defends this towards point.
1 run, full, into the pads, clipped away for one.
no run, nicely bowled. He's under pressure, but he's responded well to bring this over back, ending it with a pinpoint yorker that de Villiers can do nothing with.
FOUR runs, what a terrible start from the bowler Kumar. And what a delightful start for Mccullum for his new franchise. On the pads and the batsman tickles this easily behind square for four.
2 runs, hip-high short ball outside off, swatted across the line to deep midwicket.
OUT, gets a leading edge straight to mid-off. the batsman was woefully out of form, was failing to hit anything off the middle and has now paid the price. Looked to hop across and work to the leg side but closed the bat face too early. Are Kings XI fighting back?.
2 runs, just over cover! He hit that with the spin. A legbreak outside off, Suryakumar gets underneath the length and lofts the ball over the infield.
FOUR runs, 11 in 12! A full delivery outside off, an offbreak. the batsman stays low and swats the delivery over midwicket for four. Almost went for six.
SIX runs, into the second tier! Full on leg stump, and the batsman takes a big step forward and muscles it over deep midwicket. It was the offcutter, and the batsman pounced onto that in a flash!.
no run, length ball, just outside off, and tapped off the back foot to mid-off.
OUT, the bowler has his fourth with his last ball of the night. Wrong'un, breaks away outside off, the batsman reads it off the pitch, and drags a thick inside edge back onto the stumps. What a spell from the bowler. He ends with a potentially match-winning 4-0-23-4.
(no ball) 1 leg bye, the batsman looks for that golf-swing six as the bowler bowls length. Beaten and hit on the back leg. This is a no-ball.
no run, turning into the pads, tucked to square leg.
no run, short of a good length, at off stump and providing no room. Defended to backward point off the back foot.
FOUR runs, hammered! Whew. That was hit hard. Good length and pushed through flatter outside off. Stood there and sent it back, head height to have both bowler and umpire evading as he bisected them.
no run, angles across him, and he reads it late. Goes back to defend.
1 run, back of a length outside off, opens his bat face and picks up a single to third man.
2 runs, overpitched, but outside leg stump. Clipped off his pads to cow corner, and the batsman wants the second. Sarfraz needs to hurry, and the throw from Pollard is good. the bowler collects and whips the bails off, but Sarfraz just got back in time. Phew.
no run, goes right back inside the crease and defends.
OUT, taken at long-off. Smart, smart bowling from the bowler. Knows the batsman's strength is that arc for the leg-side hit, so slides this close to the tramline and full outside off. He looks for the sweep but the angle, the width, the pace - everything is against him. Sliced up.
SIX runs, at the moment, he's dealing in just sixes. This slower ball is bowled at length, the batsman backs away and lofts this through the line to clear long on.
FOUR runs, cheeky! Short of length outside off, waits for it before dabbing it over short third man for four. The fielder there thought he had a chance but cannot get his hand to it.
no run, sharp turn but this pitched on middle and leg, spun back in to hit the pad with the batsman looking to work into the leg side.
SIX runs, top shot over the bigger boundary. the bowler has done this to many a big hitter. Just bowl a slow loopy wide legbreak, and they go wild and mis-hit it. the batsman plays the classic drive over extra cover, using the turn. And goes all the way too.
1 run, just outside off, not enough swing, pushed wide of mid-off for one.
FOUR runs, lifts it over backward point. Offcutter dug in short of a length. He waits for it to come close and goes late at it and uses his wrists to lift this over.
FOUR runs, nicely put away and that's their third 50-plus stand in a row. Short and wide from Umesh. Point is in, third man is in. YJB bisects them perfectly. The only decision they have to make is who will go to retrieve it.
1 run, back of a length on middle, and flicked off his hips to fine leg for a single.
1 run, short on off, and he flat-bats a pull to long on.
OUT, This is the left-hander's version of Williamson's dismissal. Another batsman has been strangled down the leg side. Dhoni dives to his right (yes, he dives) snaps it up. Back of a length and slanted down the leg side, the batsman now tickles it behind. the bowler brings out his RunDWorld Jig and celebrates.
1 run, full outside off, pushed to deep cover.
1 run, drops the leg cutter at third man.
no run, tossed up outside off, gets down for the slog sweep and misses again.
1 run, the batsman slogs, the bowler doesn't give him the length, the batsman gets a single to long leg off the inside edge.
1 run, good length but on the pads, and he tucks it to square leg.
no run, pretty straight outside off, the batsman dabs it to cover point.
2 runs, deflects off the thigh pad past Parthiv. Umesh pulls it back in. Dhawan was through with the pull even before it arrived.
no run, full at middle, 138kph, straightens a touch and takes a leading edge back down the pitch.
1 run, 87kph, leg break, he's back and getting a leading edge that flies through the vacant cover-point.
FOUR runs, dropped short at middle stump, gets deep in the crease and brings out the short-arm pull to deep midwicket's right.
1 run, shortish on middle, pulled to deep midwicket.
no run, short of a length, wide, 139ks, slight movement away, punched straight to point.
FOUR runs, lifted to the long leg boundary. Good length, down leg side, some pace on it - the batsman down on one knee to sweep behind square.
1 run, goes across and gets one in the block hole too, bunts it to backward point.
FOUR runs, runs, finally! the batsman backs away to leg and slashes a length ball behind point, beating third man on his right.
no run, looks to whip this square on the leg side, but the ball is not short enough for that shot. Hit high on the pad. Headed down leg.
no run, this one goes the other way. Might have been seam as this shapes to swing back in, but pitches and keep going with the angle. Hit uppishly to cover-point.
no run, short on middle, the ball does not come on, the batsman struggling for timing. Drags a pull to short fine leg off the inside half.
1 run, short and sliding into middle and leg, worked behind square as they jog the single.
1 run, whipped off the pads to square leg.
1 run, slower length ball outside off, eased to third man.
1 run, full on middle and a tired swing from the batsman only results in an inside edge back onto the pad.
1 run, good length on middle stump. Comfortably flicked off his pads to square leg for a single.
1 run, back of a length on middle stump. Clipped off the backfoot to midwicket for a quick run. Could be dangerous, but Tripathi can't connect with a direct-hit.
1 run, tossed up outside off, mistimed drive to long-on.
FOUR runs, past extra cover. Short of a good length and slanting into him this time. Backs away and punches it between extra cover and regular cover.
1 run, picks this up from middle and leg, almost a vertical-bat pull, gets a single to deep square leg.
2 runs, didn't read that either but improvised well. Short and wide, slashed away to deep point for two.
no run, cuts a length ball to point.
1 run, straighter one on off, 97.4ks, tip and run to cover.
1 run, bouncer, well directed, he is a bit surprised and pulls awkwardly off the front foot, Mishra makes a good save at short fine to prevent extras.
SIX runs, that is maaaasive! Wheee goes the ball over long-on. It's a 116 kph offcutter outside off, and by now it's predictable. the batsman shuffles across, gets underneath the length and says not every ball, mate. Pummeled over long-on.
1 wide, tossed up full and very wide outside off, left alone.
OUT, taken at square leg. the bowler shows his bouncer off. It's too much for the batsman, who looks to fetch it with a pull from outside off. Sliced up and swerving, but Garg is steady under it.
1 run, shortish outside off, slapped to sweeper cover.
no run, slower ball at a length. Back down the pitch off the inside edge as he looks to heave.
FOUR runs, full slower ball just outside off, shuffles and lofts it over the wide mid-off region.
no run, good length at off stump, defended into the covers.
no run, backs away, the bowler bowls the slower legcutter, and he can't get this past the bowler.
(no ball) 1 run, over-stepped. That was a good ball, yorker on off and the batsman, got behind it to push it past the bowler, which means Karthik will face the Free Hit.
1 run, slower ball on middle, chipped towards deep midwicket for a single.
1 run, full on off, and nudged off his pads to square leg.
2 runs, another slower ball, extremely slow and short outside off. Waits, waits some more, and swats it down the ground to long-on. Takes its time reaching the fielder, and they can hurry through for a second.
1 run, good length outside off, mistimed slog to mid-on's left.
no run, googly at a length on off stump, defended towards midwicket off the front foot.
1 run, a full toss following the batsman who was shuffling in his crease, hits it towards extra cover in the end.
1 run, full and at the stumps at 144.5kph. Flicked off the thick inside edge through square leg.
1 wide, full and down leg side, can't get bat on it.
OUT, short on off stump, and the batsman tries to pull over cow corner, but he's got no power behind that shot - presumably because of his leg injury. The ball's in the air for ages, and Vinay Kumar settles under it at long on. Another big wicket down.
1 run, down the track to the ball angled across to off stump, and clips it deliberately in the air, one bounce to Stokes at deep midwicket.
no run, angles it into him this time to deny room and he squirts it back to the bowler.
no run, full and slides in on middle, the batsman pokes the ball to cover.
OUT, fuller outside off, spinning away from the batsman was he looks to go over long-off but fails to middle. Du Plessis at long-off takes the catch but realises momentum is taking him over the boundary line and therefore throws it towards substitute Shorey who is right next to him waiting for it and completes the catch. The umpires are checking upstairs, the soft signal is out and that's a clean catch.
1 run, length slower ball, whacked along the ground to deep midwicket for one.
1 wide, short, and wide outside off. Sharma backs away, but chooses not to play at it.
no run, very full and angling across off, another big swing and a miss. Hooda walks up to the batsman and has a word with him.
1 run, short of a length at off stump, punched to extra cover's left.
1 run, getting some shape away from the batsman, but it's back of a length ball and he's able to punch it to cover's right.
2 runs, shuffles into the off side and ramps this past QDK's left glove. And just over the stumps too. It was a quick length ball outside off. Short third man cleans up to his left.
1 run, slower length ball outside off, punched sweetly off the back foot to find sweeper cover.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and punching firmly to deep cover-point.
no run, good length at middle stump, cramped and having to make some pace for himself. Just pats it back down off the front foot.
SIX runs, way into the stands again. A short delivery, back of a length on off. the batsman shuffles across, gets inside the line and swivels into a pull to deep square leg. Too easy again.
no run, panics against the short ball on middle and leg, going for the pull shot, but it comes to him well after he plays the shot, beating him completely.
no run, beaten for pace. 146kph. This length ball angles back in to hit him on the back thigh as he tries to work this to the leg side.
1 leg bye, short of a length, big appeal for lbw from the bowler as the batsman whips across the line and Rohit calls the review with a few seconds to spare. Looked high to start with and it looks even higher on the replay, and he's almost off the ground as he plays it. Poor review. Going miles over the stumps.
1 run, slides in on middle and leg, no turn, punched off the front foot through midwicket.
FOUR runs, length outside off, too much width and Baistow continues on his merry way, slashes it away past point again. Poor bowling.
no run, yorker at middle stump, hammed down the pitch.
1 run, full, straight, turned past short leg for one.
SIX runs, length on middle and he connects this time It was quick and flat but equally predictable, he was ready for it, kept his shape and balance and deposited it wide of long-on.
1 leg bye, good length and at leg stump, looks for the flick and cops it on the pad. Appeal for lbw turned down. That pitched outside leg.
FOUR runs, picks this full toss into the gap at wide long-on and deep midwicket. Lovely wrist work from the batsman.
OUT, the bowler strikes again, and it's another golden duck for the batsman! Or is it? the batsman reviews. But this was a poor shot from the batsman. Pays the price for playing against the turn. A length ball and the batsman clumsily steps forward and looks to close the face. The ball spins past it to hit the pad. A waste of a review, really, as the screen shows three reds.
SIX runs, three in three! Short on off, and the batsman swivels to pull. Off the bat's middle and it lands beyond the man at cow corner. The KKR dugout can't believe it.
no run, flighted in, and lands just outside off. Driven straight back off the front foot.
1 run, dipping full-toss outside off, takes ages to arrive, stabbed away to extra-cover.
3 runs, Nath runs in from long-off, dives forward, and shells it. Carrom ball, on middle, swerves away, the batsman goes for a loft, slices it and gets away. Tiwary was running back from short extra cover and perhaps thew Nath off.
1 run, turns into him a fair bit from outside off, the batsman tucks it to leg off the back foot.
no run, slower short ball, widish. the batsman decides late to abort the shot.
1 run, yorker, close to leg stump, flicked to the left of deep backward square leg. There was a chance of a second but both batsmen hesitated while turning and the chance went away.
FOUR runs, just clears mid-off and Cutting's slide is not enough for him to pull this back. Short ball outside off, the batsman backs away and picks the right direction to go with the drive on the up - but it's off the toe-end.
SIX runs, clears that massive square boundary for another six! Pitched up on leg stump and in typical the batsman fashion, the batsman opened up to hammer that with a wild swing. Up and over deep square leg.
no run, good length on leg and the batsman's cramped for room this time. Tapped to cover off the back foot, but rather unconvincingly.
no run, down the wicket again, the bowler shortens his length, pushed to midwicket.
FOUR runs, 140 kph, it's full and wide. the batsman absolutely hammers his drive to cover. The ball goes right through the fielder's legs for four. 20 runs off that over, better overs will go for more.
1 run, pushed away into the gap at deep midwicket.
no run, full and just outside off, driven to extra cover.
2 runs, tossed outside off, driven through the line between sweeper cover and wide long-off.
FOUR runs, drilled past mid-off. Overpitched and just outside off. Slides nicely onto the bat as Dhawan drives from an upright position, full face offered. Slightly aerial to his partner's right but very safe.
1 wide, slower ball at a length, wide outside off. Left alone.
no run, short of a length googly, into middle stump. Squeezed into the extra cover region off the back foot.
1 run, length ball on leg stump, tickled to deep square's right off the back foot.
OUT, dolly to de Villiers good length outside off and the batsman went for a cross-batted heave. Didn't have the room to play it, wasn't the right length either. Gets a top edge that loops to AB at mid-off for an easy catch.
FOUR runs, another boundary! Another short, slower ball outside off. Slashed away in front of point for four. The fielder patrolling the sweeper cover area has no chance.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, and the batsman makes room before thumping this down the ground. Long on does well to slide across the ground and intercept.
1 wide, the batsman moves across off again, the bowler sprays it down leg for a wide.
SIX runs, tossed outside off, full, the batsman stays still, gets under it and clouts it over the long-off boundary.
no run, yorker and just outside off, looks to chop behind point but is beaten this time.
no run, falls short of the bowler. Short of a length and looks like a carrom ball. Stops on SKY who looks to force it down the ground off the back foot. It stops on him. He chips it back at the bowler who doesn't have the time to lunge forward.
1 run, ends up a full toss on leg stump, the batsman, rather graciously, dabs it to long-on.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended on the front foot.
no run, slower ball outside off, drilled towards extra cover and Turner dives to his right and keeps Dhawan on strike.
no run, good length on off stump, defended on the front foot.
SIX runs, that's what he can do often, does Shardul. Bowl beauties and then follow it up with half-trackers. Drops short and into the body, Rohit was waiting for it. Pulled imperiously over deep square. Super hit, so instinctive, very very effective.
no run, back of a length and just a shade outside off, blocked to the off side.
1 run, carved through the offside again, to deep point. Stayed in his crease and went deep to deal with this fuller length ball on off.
1 run, shout for lbw. Swings back in off a length, seems to have hit him in front, but it is bouncing over.
FOUR runs, low full toss at leg stump, leans in and clips it well in front of the deep square fielder.
1 run, looked like a slower one again, this one on the stumps and he pushed it down to mid-on.
no run, tapped to point and he is sent back.
no run, opens the face and dabs it straight to short third man.
1 run, fuller ball, and he presses forward and whips this away towards deep midwicket.
1 run, forces this length ball wide of mid off, good work by Unadkat.
1 run, good length and wide outside off, mistimed drive out to long-off.
SIX runs, that's an incredible short against the spin! Would have made Doug Walters proud! It's overpitched, yet, he goes inside out over extra cover and clears the man with consummate ease.
no run, a watchful push finds extra cover.
no run, pitches outside leg, but spins across the batsman's body. Defended.
no run, good length on off, and shaping away from the batsman. Pokes at it, and tapped to Gill at point.
1 run, hit back past the bowler but there's no timing, they'll scamper a single.
no run, length outside off, pushed to cover, Bairstow, the non striker just took off and could have been close at his end as he scampered back.
no run, short, and he looks to hook this away. Gets an under edge, as it runs down towards Samson.
OUT, appeal for caught behind and given even as they try and scamper a single length outside off, cut him in half as he tried to steer it to point and thinnest inside edge was taken nice and low by the keeper.
FOUR runs, back of a length outside off, and the batsman puts it away cleverly, waits on it and dabs it late and dabs it fine. Third man is back, but he's too square to be able to cut this off.
no run, google, short and across the corridor. Backs away and cuts to cover.
1 run, another yorker - this one tailing into the right-hander at the last - and a set the batsman is only able to nudge it to midwicket. Buh-rilliant execution from one of India's best bowlers.
1 run, yorker at middle stump, looks to whip into the leg side and gets it onto his boot.
1 wide, short again! And this time the square-leg umpire spreads his arms wide. Tried the slower ball, but it loops over Yusuf's head. Remember, he's a tall man.
no run, given some room outside off and he chops it hard to point.
OUT, shatters the stumps! Full and straight, and the batsman tries to clear long on. Inside-edged onto middle stump and the bowler stands tall to soak in the applause. What a debut for the youngster. Timeout.
FOUR runs, and now he bowls a low full toss that is wide. the batsman drills the drive through cover. Smashed past the fielder.
no run, starts off with the slower ball! Lands just inside the tram-lines and the batsman can't connect with the attempted heave over cover. Ooo, close. Could've easily been called a wide.
no run, back of a length outside off, the batsman wants to pull but ends up mis-timing to mid-on.
no run, slower ball outside off, pushes at it but only manages an inside edge back to the bowler.
no run, good length outside off, defended to backward point.
1 run, a dart, 95 kph, on the pads. Yusuf closes his bat face too early, a thick leading edge lobs over midwicket, one to long-on.
FOUR runs, 134 kph, four more. Three dots and three boundaries. Very predictable again, full and wide, but inside the tramline. the batsman slices over point for four. That was a good comeback from the batsman after losing his shape.
1 run, length ball, spinning back into him from just outside off, he punches to long-off from inside the crease.
no run, it's a maiden as the batsman looks to run another one down and is beaten yet again outside off. There's a touch of panic starting to set in  .
1 run, flatter angled into the pads, and he punches it to long-on.
SIX runs, long long way over the bowler! Full and floated up at the stumps, Mayank lines it up with his leg well into the leg side and crunches it.
1 wide, too far outside off once again, he's not getting his radar right, wanting to angle across and make him reach for it. But too wide.
FOUR runs, 144.8ks short and outside off, the extra pace of the bowler works against him. the batsman manufactures some swinging room and scythes it away fine of deep third man for a crucial four.
FOUR runs, through Uthappa! He's expecting this slice from the batsman to turn to his right at extra cover, but it goes straight after pitching a couple of yards in front.
1 run, floated up a touch wider, the batsman is on the front foot and pushes one square on the off side.
no run, quick, short of a length, 147ks, hits his thigh pad even before he can react.
1 run, square driven to deep point.
2 runs, full on off, and the batsman flicks this off his pads past midwicket.
1 run, good length on off stump, and that's been turned off his pads to midwicket. Calls early for the single.
2 runs, full at off stump, looks to flick and gets if off the leading edge to sweeper's left.
1 run, Jadeja misses. He is tight at point, gets a good bounce, and the batsmen have absent-mindedly set off for a single. In the end, Tripathi is left to put in a dive, which is not enough if Jadeja hits. On this rare occasion, Jadeja misses.
no run, length on middle and leg, comes forward, wait for it to spin and dead-bats.
no run, looks for the off-stump yorker, ends up bowling a low full-toss. the batsman jabs it to short cover with a straight bat.
FOUR runs, spears it through the covers, the batsman showing how its done. Stands still on leg stump, opens the face to place it to the right of the fielder.
no run, good length and wide outside off, looks to chop and is beaten.
OUT, could be run-out, but Bairstow has broken the stumps prematurely! Is that out? Length ball on middle, and he tries to work this towards the leg side. Leading edge takes it to cover as they try to pinch a single. Pollard sends Kishan back from halfway down with Shankar quickly releasing the ball  and Kishan's struggling to get back. Kishan would've definitely been out if Bairstow hadn't dislodged the bails with his body, but a close look at the replay shows Kishan's gone either way! Bairstow managed to uproot the stumps before Kishan could complete his dive in. Milimeters!.
1 run, on a length, on off, the batsman drives with an open face, gets a single off the outer half of the bat.
OUT, juggled and caught by deep square leg. Tossed up a bit, and it dipped on Parthiv, who wanted to go for the legside swipe. Only gets a toe-end that sends the ball swirling into the air. Rana runs to his right from deep square leg and holds on after juggling it a bit.
no run, went for the conventional sweep but misses and is struck on the pads. Outside off.
no run, full on off stump, and he takes a big stride forward to defend. Tapped back firmly.
4 leg byes, awkward fend flies over the keeper. Bounce rises sharply at a middle stump line. Looked like a top edge to me as he looked to withdraw from his attempted pull.
no run, back of a length outside off, and he misses the cut. The ball takes the bottom edge and goes to DK. the bowler falls over on his follow through, but looks okay.
1 wide, short and wide outside off, left alone.
2 runs, length on middle, slower this time, the batsman lofts this one to long-off's left for a couple.
FOUR runs, full on off, down the wicket comes Dhawan and targets the short straight boundary, one bounce and off it goes.
1 run, yorker length outside off, jammed out to sweeper's left.
1 run, really slow, angling across him, punched to deep cover for one.
1 run, pushes it through from round the wicket and the offbreak skids into the left-hander after pitching on a good length on middle. Dhawan knocks it to mid-on easily and skips through for the single.
1 run, drags this pull from way outside off to square leg, no timing again.
no run, full outswinger in the corridor, a watchful defence out to short third.
1 run, good length, and outside off again. Carved off the back foot to Mujeeb at short third man.
1 run, short, and he goes back and drives it down to long on.
no run, lbw is given and reviewed. This looks like a full toss that's struck him outside off on the boot. He was looking for the reverse sweep. On closer inspection, it's not hit him on the full. Bounces before hitting him low on the pad. But also looks a googly .so that is missing the wickets. Overturned.
SIX runs, really short, hardly any bounce, going straight with the angle on leg stump, and the batsman transfers his weight on the back foot to pull that over deep midwicket for six!.
SIX runs, short ball with fine leg up, and the batsman gets inside the line of the ball to use his pace and pull him over fine leg for a big six.
FOUR runs, slower short ball, the batsman does superbly to hold his shape. Front foot out of the way and a gentle glide over backward point. Picks the gap nicely.
no run, stands tall and punches this length ball to point.
2 runs, slower ball, 127ks, on a length, on off, pushed past the ring on the off side and they charge back for a second.
no run, short and just outside off, cut straight to backward point.
2 runs, good length and just outside off, hard-handed push on the front foot. Thick inside edge runs to fine leg's left.
FOUR runs, what a sign-off to the field restrictions. This is some shot. Glory days of West Indies batsmen like. He has gone to a length-ball offbreak, leant back further, raises his front leg and managed to send this punch scurrying between cover and cover-point.
1 run, thigh high full toss outside off, backs into the off side and has a swing. Straight to deep midwicket. Square leg was in and he's cross with himself.
1 run, length and into the stumps, steps out and punches to long-off.
FOUR runs, full outside off, the batsman slices it away, bisecting point and short third-man, as Kings XI finish well.
FOUR runs, back of a length and outside off, 145ks, the extra pace of the bowler works to the batsman' advantage. He stands tall and unleashes a jabbing punch through extra cover. Fetch that.
no run, peachy cover drive, but straight to the fielder at cover. Too full, in the slot, but gets away.
1 run, outside edge but gathered on the bounce by Chahal at third man. Short and wide from the bowler, missed out on the big cut and third man is fine.
1 run, nearly a wicket first ball. Plays for the turn, closes the face, gets a leading edge, but it doesn't carry to point. And Hetmyer goes for the catch, which allows a single as the ball skids past his dive.
1 run, a tad short. That's the the batsman 1-2. Forcing a short delivery after a good shot of the full one, pulled to square leg.
1 wide, once again movement back in but starts from leg and goes further down.
no run, short and into the body. Looks to tuck into the leg side with soft hands for the single. the bowler gets to it quickly.
to Sam Curran, 2 runs, good length and pushed across him. Front leg into the leg side and slapped on the up to long-off's right.
no run, short of a length, no room, fended off the back foot.
no run, shorter and outside off, under-edged to first slip.
FOUR runs, flies over first slip! Full, outside off and swinging away. the batsman throws his hands at this, and the attempted cover drive takes the bat's outside edge.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and steered to cover point.
1 run, slow turn from length on off, dabbed towards point.
SIX runs, swiped! Full, on leg stump, and the batsman simply flicks this over backward square for half-a-dozen. Watto spotted that slower ball (120kph) super early.
OUT, fuller again, in the blockhole, the batsman backs away and looks to flick it on the leg side, misses. But he is already half-way down the track, the keeper goes for the direct hit but misses. the bowler is there to collect the ball, he runs to the striker's end and whips off the bails.
no run, short and wide outside off, cut to backward point.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, works it towards long-on for one.
2 runs, pressed off the back foot to deep cover.
no run, length on off, extra bounce for the bowler, the batsman gets on his toes and defends to cover.
1 run, forces this back past, down to long off.
SIX runs, and now the batsman. Overpitched ball on leg stump. Gets the front leg out of the way and slogs it over deep midwicket. Boring.
1 run, gets some bounce from length on middle, the batsman on top of the bounce as he works this past midwicket.
FOUR runs, low full-toss outside off again, the batsman shimmied outside leg, then jumps across off and slog-sweeps it between deep midwicket and wide long-on. Neither Karun nor Stoinis committed. They simply let the ball through them to the boundary.
1 run, pulled away to deep midwicket this time for one.
no run, full and straight, defended to midwicket.
1 run, superb shot, even better fielding. the batsman down the wicket to drill this wide of long-off, but Stokes rushes to his left, puts the dive in, and keeps them down to just one.
1 run, cue-ends another shot to an on-pace delivery. The ball is not coming on. He looks to go wide of long-on, but gets the toe end for a single just past the bowler to long-off.
no run, length ball on off stump and a solid block on the front foot because Dhoni now gets to finish the game.
1 run, good length and onto leg stump, glanced to short fine off the back foot.
1 run, lower-arm slider this time, worked with the angle to the region between midwicket and mid-on.
FOUR runs, reverse sweep, too late for RR, but it will hurt KKR. He has cleared the man at point.
1 run, just short of deep midwicket. Short and just outside off, a checked pull, in the air briefly.
no run, back of a length, on off, and the batsman backs away to cut this square. Ball goes over the batsman's bat. Nifty from the bowler.
no run, short and down leg side, left alone.
1 run, length, fired outside off stump, and he rifles this towards extra cover.
1 run, short of a length, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, short ball, just outside off, good carry. the batsman sways inside its line.
2 runs, just over cover! Wanted to always go over but didn't quite time that. A slower ball outside off, chipped over the fielder.
no run, touch short, this spins away sharply from outside off though, bunted to the off side.
2 runs, full and in at leg stump. Flicked to deep square.
1 run, dropped. Rashid's movement in his follow through has completely blinded him it seems. Length ball driven back at him and his hands are barely in place as it fizzes past him and goes to long-off.
FOUR runs, spins past the long leg fielder! That's lucky for Sunrisers and the batsman's hogging it all tonight. Sweeps hard. The ball bounces right in front of the fielder and spins past his left hand.
FOUR runs, crunched! Full on off, the batsman gets onto the front foot, and drives it through cover. Full followthrough of the bat, and once the ball clears the infield, it's only has one place to go.
FOUR runs, long-hop outside off, the batsman jumps onto the back foot and nails a pull between deep midwicket and long-on. Duly put away.
2 runs, length ball on the stumps, the batsman looks to go over the bowler's head but doesn't middle it, Kohli from long-on cuts it off and throws it towards the keeper's end. the batsman makes it by the time the ball reaches Parthiv, Bravo on the other hand was struggling though.
1 run, short at middle stump, pulled to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, chest-high short ball on middle, 131ks, the batsman rocks back and hooks it away to the left of long leg for four.
1 run, DK calls for the skier but misjudges it and drops it. Mavi hits a hard length outside off, the batsman pulls and sends a top-edge in the air. It soars to Mars. Then drops down. DK looks to settle under it and the ball swirls away from his reach. He can only finger-tip it away.
1 run, short of a length, at him, punched wide of mid-off for one.
2 runs, low full toss outside off, and the batsman mistimes it off his toe end towards wide long on. Hit so poorly, that it actually helps him take the second run.
no run, pitched up outside off, driven hard to point who gets down to his left and half-stops it.
no run, low full toss on middle, and the batsman hits this straight to the only infielder on the leg side. Watson there, and he has a shy at the non-striker's stumps. Misses!.
1 wide, yorker just past the tramline outside off, left alone.
2 runs, on a length, middle and leg, bunted into the leg side for two.
FOUR runs, and now Dhawan joins the party. Shows him the shuffle across and then backs away to cash in on the room available. Cuts him in the air, but to the left of point.
1 run, inside edge on a good yorker. At leg stump. Curran backs away and has a hack at that. Out to short fine's right.
FOUR runs, hip-high short ball on leg stump, 99ks, the batsman uses the pace and swats it away to the long on fence.
no run, length at off stump, watchfully nudged into the covers.
no run, just past leg stump! the batsman walking into the off side a long way, showing the leg stump. This yorker is narrowly past it.
OUT, flat, quick, sneaks under the bat and hits the middle stump. This does not bounce at all. End of a sparkling fifty from the batsman. Another slider from the bowler, skids low, the batsman swings across the line and watches the ball shoot under his bat and rattle the stumps.
no run, back of a length on middle and leg, cramps the batsman for room, punched to midwicket.
no run, pushes, with an open face, and this good length ball on off stump goes to point.
no run, fires one in angling across the batsman, who tries to run this down towards third man, and misses.
1 run, short on middle stump, but the batsman makes room on the leg side. Can only punch it down the ground to long off though.
FOUR runs, the bowler goes for the wide yorker, it comes out as a low full-toss outside off, not quite the MS Dhoni slice over backward point, but still effective. Back-to-back boundaries for Hardik.
1 run, dropped short and turning into leg stump. Pulled straight to deep square.
2 runs, floats this wide, in the swinging arc, the batsman lofts this over cover. Stokes with a sliding stop at wide long-off.
1 run, miscued loft. Full outside off, steps out and slices to sweeper's left.
no run, slows this down, gets it to dip, pushes to extra cover, and they don't get the single despite a Rahane fumble.
1 run, nice offbreak. Slower through the air, gets turn, runs off the outside half of the bat for one.
FOUR runs, Excellent placement. Short ball rising to stomach height on off stump. Jumps across for a short-arm jab that perfectly bisects deep midwicket and deep backward square leg - he's helped by the fact that both fielders seemed to slow down, letting the other do the dirty work.
no run, 134 kph, back of a length outside off, carved away towards point again.
no run, predictable response by the bowler, digs it in short, and the batsman is backing away and trying to swat it, misses completely.
1 run, length at middle, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, backs away and then slaps this short delivery on middle and leg to sweeper cover.
1 run, full, outside off, chipped down to long-off for one.
2 runs, shortish, slanting across to off stump, punched to the right of deep point, and he picks up another two.
no run, good response by the bowler, dug it in short and it was rising as it went past the batsman, who tried to uppercut it  staying legside of the ball. Misses it and it goes to the keeper.
2 runs, legbreak, on a length, the batsman goes back, opens the face, and places this square of deep cover for two.
1 run, another boundary-less over from the bowler. What an effort the bowler is putting in against the team that didn't retain him. Again that in-between length, and no room. Just the single to long-on.
no run, short of a length outside off, closes the face too early and gets a leading edge to extra cover.
no run, short and angling in on off from round the wicket, change-up as well, the batsman arches his back, waits for the ball, then dabs to short third man.
no run, slower offcutter, beats his slog, and bounces just over the leg stump.
1 run, slower one outside off, Sarfaraz was looking go leg side initially but adjusts to slap it towards sweeper cover, only a single though.
FOUR runs, another short one and the batsman quickly into position again, picks it up in front of square this time for another boundary to end an eventful over.
2 runs, length ball angled in at middle stump. Slogs at it and gets it between deep square and deep midwicket off the inside half of the bat.
1 run, shortish and outside off, he cuts to the sweeper.
no run, the bowler misses! A massive chance, he should be hitting the stumps from there. Good length on off, a thick inside edge ricochets to cover via the pad. Nair runs down and is sent back. the bowler takes aim and misses at the bowler's end.
FOUR runs, length into the body, Hardik picks him up with the angle, and although he doesn't time it perfectly, he does well to find the gap between fine leg and deep squareleg.
no run, miscommunication, but safe! Good length on middle, and Rohit opens his bat's face to run it down to third man. No run on offer, but krunal's halfway down the wicket anyway. Does well to turn and run back.
no run, length ball around off, comes down the wicket and drives it on the up, straight towards cover though.
1 run, keeps it on a back of a length, curls back in and finishes on off, punched back down the pitch.
SIX runs, that's huge! Charges down the pitch this time, it's another short ball, pulled well into the stands over deep midwicket.
no run, good length and pushed through at 100kph, at middle stump. Hurried on the attempted punch into the covers.
FOUR runs, in the air, catchable high, but pierces the gap between point and cover-point. Wide length ball, swinging away, but he throws his bat at it.
1 run, yorker just outside off, and Hardik does well to squeeze it past Krunal. But where's his bat?! It flew off his gloves and landed near the keeper. Sweaty evening.
SIX runs, oh yes. Right off the middle. the bowler goes flat and on a length at leg stump. It skids through unlike the previous ball and the batsman hits cleanly through the line to send this far over deep midwicket.
SIX runs, pushed through full and on middle, the batsman slog-sweeps with the intended turn over deep midwicket for a clean six.
OUT, what have you done the batsman! Delhi Capitals are trying very hard not to win right now! Length ball outside off, drills it straight to long-off! It was there for the drive, and he's been driving it wide of that fielder all along, and along the turf. Goes aerial this time and boy do we have a situation now.
1 run, low full toss on middle stump, mistimed drive to long-on's right and Hardik slips at the other end so they can't come back for the second.
2 runs, swung away to the leg side but only to McClenaghan at deep midwicket.
no run, well bowled, nips back at Waston and there's a strangled appeal for lbw, not especially close to that outside the line of off stump. But some nibble.
FOUR runs, 116.4ks, short and wide outside off, the batsman, having stepped away outside leg, tests out his calf, reaches out for the ball. Delays his shot and scythes it away to the left of backward point. Mr.IPL brings up his first fifty of the season.
1 run, slow in the air, full, on the pads, nudged wide of midwicket for one.
FOUR runs, inside edge goes for four He was moving across and wanted to smash this to cow corner but gets an inside edge. Luck is on his side, it goes very fine for a boundary.
no run, length around off, the batsman stays back and defends it down the wicket.
no run, starts with a slow and short offcutter which Dhawan misjudges and takes on the waist.
SIX runs, pitched up and spinning away a tad outside off, and the batsman carves it over long-off.
1 run, full toss, thigh height. Mistimed pull to deep midwicket's right.
1 run, floats up a legbreak on middle and leg, clipped through midwicket.
FOUR runs, the batsman keeps fighting the good fight, though. the bowler tries to bounce him, pitches it outside leg, and he pulls it through forward square leg for four. KKR have at least gone past the 47 or 49 that they had bowled RCB for in 2017. Not that it should be any consolation.
FOUR runs, length ball outside off and swatted past extra cover. Not exactly where he wanted to send it. He was aiming for midwicket, but was late on it, still managed to get a chunky meat of the bat behind it and the ball goes to the boundary.
2 runs, back-of-a-length slowie this time, pulled from outside off, in the air, but bounces well short of the fielder, to the right of long-on.
no run, good length on middle stump, shuffles and tucks this to midwicket from the crease.
1 run, good length and pushed across the corridor, onto the back foot and punched to deep midwicket.
no run, short, wide and swinging away, he cuts and misses.
1 leg bye, moving across the stumps, the bowler bowls a quick one that nips in a touch flicks his pad and goes past the keeper. But they've been keeping the third man and fine leg very fine for the batsman, so third man is able to run across and field it.
1 run, good length just outside off, dropped into the covers. An overthrow the result of a shy at the non-striker's stumps. They weren't looking for a run.
no run, quicker and flatter outside off, looks to cut but it's too full for the stroke and there's no room either.
OUT, feathers one to Pant! Done by the turn. the bowler's delighted, the batsman's frustrated. It was full outside off, and turning away from the batsman. He tried to play the inside out drive, but the ball takes some extra bounce and finds the outside of his bat. Credit to Pant for holding on though.
no run, back of a length again, and this time it straightens towards an off-stump line. Is opened up slightly while defending back to the bowler.
1 run, slower ball, on off, he defends to the gap at cover-point and takes one.
no run, wide outside off, and he cuts it straight towards the man at short extra cover again. Two dots!.
1 run, quicker one at length and angling away, punched to long off.
FOUR runs, the switch hit over backward point. Has done effectively what Munro didn't. First ball, sighters anyone? No, boss. Not needed. What a hit.
FOUR runs, drilled. the batsman must have faced a lot of the bowler in the Karnataka nets, but anyone getting a half-volley on off would have put this away. Straight back past the bowler.
1 run, good length and just outside off, dropped into the covers with soft hands.
FOUR runs, the batsman will not take this deep. On-pace length ball with mid-off up, and he picks his spot. Goes over wide mid-off for four.
(no ball) 1 run, begins with a no-ball, on a length that's tucked towards mid-on. Hang on, he's got his foot well inside the line. That's a horrid call from the umpire. the bowler jokingly asks if he can review it.
OUT, ugly hoick across the line, and taken at mid on by Jayant Yadav! Oh dear, what have you done, the batsman? It is a little short of a length, and he goes back and tries to get this over midwicket. The ball stops a bit and takes the leading edge, and Yadav runs across behind his right shoulder to take a smart overhead catch. Chennai lose three inside the Powerplay! How decisive could this be?.
1 run, full on off, he backs away and drives hard to long off.
no run, length ball, just outside off, and he looks to sweep against the googly. Bails quickly whipped off, but the batsman's back leg is in. The TV umpire confirms that.
1 run, skidding into the pads from round the stumps, punched down to long-on.
no run, lunges forward and smothers this.
no run, good length and outside off, pushes to mid-off.
1 run, dropped! Kohli has his face covered at slip as M Ashwin puts down a sitter at extra cover. the bowler has done superbly to induce a leading edge from the batsman -  a dipping legbreak at off stump that he looks to lift over midwicket. There was no pressure on Ashwin, apart from anything he put on himself. He got under it, couldn't complete it.
no run, short of a length just outside off, tapped to extra cover.
1 run, short and cramping him up at middle, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, shorter outside off, he's back and cutting hard to deep cover-point.
FOUR runs, wide and full, and Hardik throws his bat at it and gets a thick edge on it. Third man is up in the circle and the ball flies between that fielder and the diving Samson behind the stumps.
1 run, good length at middle stump, punches with hard hands and it ends up a chip to mid-off's left.
1 leg bye, good length onto leg stump, looks for the glance and cops this on the pad.
OUT, sliding Rashid completes the job for the bowler! Superb bowling, superb catching. He pushes this very slow, very wide outside off in anticipation of him stepping out. And he does. Has to reach out in the end and he slices it high. Rashid sprins in rapidly from sweeper, slides on his knees and holds on.
no run, beats him. Slower ball at a length in the corridor. Swings across the line, the ball hasn't arrived. It trickles through to Karthik.
OUT, 80 kph, that's a weird shot. Is that a shot he plays well? I don't think so, which makes that reverse sweep a weird attempt. Looks to reverse sweep that ball - a lofted googly - through point. It's on leg stump too, indicating that was a premeditated shot. He misses, but the ball hits leg and middle stump. the bowler has confidence now, that's dangerous.
no run, length outside off, leans in and defends to backward point.
no run, shortish and wide, the googly. Cut to point.
1 run, full toss on middle stump, punches it down to long-on and brings up his fifty. Got the time to play himself in today and he's used it after an indifferent start to the season.
1 run, and that's all over. Pollard didn't even face a ball. Hardik swats this from outside off to long-on and they complete the win.
1 run, full on off, driven to long-off.
no run, on a length, no room, pushed back to Pandya.
1 run, sliding into leg stump, worked with the angle through midwicket.
FOUR runs, full and outside off, the batsman goes after it. He doesn't middle it but just about lifts it over mid-off for four.
1 run, short and at the body, misses on the attempted pull.
no run, nicely flighted on middle and leg, the batsman waits and helps it straight to midwicket.
1 run, drifts in a full delivery on the pads, turned to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, and the batsman rubs it in by giving Shaw no chance here. He sweeps this one even harder and in front of square. Shaw has no chance here.
OUT, that is out. the batsman has been swiping across the line too often here. Given out lbw but he has reviewed it. He has missed a plum full toss, and is hit on the toe. The only question is, if it is angling down. it isn't. He has burnt the review.
2 leg byes, good length and spins in to catch the pad. Dhawan takes off for a leg bye and gets another via an overthrow.
2 runs, short on middle, but spinning across Yusuf's body. He pulls it - along the ground - to the region near deep midwicket. Big strides allow him to come back for the second.
FOUR runs, full and just outside off, gets low and sweeps sweetly off the middle, all along the ground to deep square's left.
no run, flat outside off, pushed to cover. 95 kph.
SIX runs, banged in short and outside off, the batsman hangs deep in the crease and pulls it flat and hard over midwicket for yet another six.
no run, short of a length, angling in, defended to leg.
1 run, full on middle stump, and that's been clipped off his toes to deep backward square. Only a single.
1 run, shapes back in late, driven to mid-on as they scamper a quick single.
1 run, full at middle, steps out and flicks to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower ball from around the wicket. Short of a length outside off. Steps out and mistimes a flat-batted swat towards long-off.
no run, another good ball, back of a length in the corridor again. Hardik's doing his thing of widening stance and moving across to set himself up to bash it through the leg side, but the pace of the ball as much as the tight line defeated him.
1 run, oh man. KXIP trying their best to take this into the Super Over, but DC say no thanks, we will let you have an easy one. the batsman goes for a big shot to a length ball, it seems like a slight offcutter, and he skies it to extra cover where Stoinis drops him.
1 run, rides the bounce of this short ball outside off and secures a single to third man.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, tip and run to point.
2 runs, short of a length just outside off, mistimed cut to sweeper's left as this skids on.
no run, good length, off stump, he defends on the front foot.
1 run, low full toss, on the pads, worked away for one to deep square.
2 runs, googly, tossed up, inviting him forward, doesn't pick it and gets an inside edge that goes past his leg stump for a couple.
FOUR runs, slapped over extra cover. Short and gripping outside off. Waits on it, opens up the body and deliberately lifts it over the fielder.
no run, full on leg stump, flicked to midwicket.
no run, short of a length outside off, mistimed cut to backward point.
no run, legcutter, Sharma looks to play on the up, but can't beat the man at cover.
FOUR runs, edged and over the only slip and into the boundary! It was full outside off, hint of room for the batsman and he threw his bat at it, but what he did well was go really hard which helped him clear the slip fielder despite getting a genuine outside edge.
2 runs, goes back to work the ball off his pads to deep midwicket and they come back quickly for the second.
no run, drifts away a flatter delivery, pushed to cover. Can't pierce the gap.
no run, the googly around off, pushed to Rashid's left. He gets across acrobatically and throws back to the keeper too.
1 run, a slower delivery outside off, chopped towards point.
1 run, slow and full on the stumps, whipped with the wrists to leg.
OUT, taken at long-on. the batsman has produced some sensational shots. He looks for another, against a slower ball outside off, but this time it comes right off the bottom of the bat. Goes high instead of long and AB de Villiers takes a striaghtforward catch.
no run, drives at this one on off stump, squirts off a thickish outside edge to backward point.
FOUR runs, he finishes at 99 not out! Near-perfect execution of the wide yorker from the bowler, but the batsman gets some bat on it and sends it flying towards backward point. It bounces on the way, though, and the batsman walks off with a wry grin. Well batted, boss!.
2 runs, short of a length on leg stump, allows that one and nudges to deep square's right before sprinting back and sliding to make his ground as weak throw comes in.
no run, looks to sweep, but this one hits him on the pad. Played too early.
1 run, good length, slowed right down outside off. Dips on him too. Waits for it to turn and then jabs to point's left. They hesitate with the running but the fiedler hasn't managed to pick it up.
2 runs, good length outside off, big stride out as he drives this between cover and extra cover.
1 run, good length on middle stump, flicked with the turn to deep midwicket.
1 run, short, straighter though. Clipped to deep midwicket.
no run, straightens the line, back of a length, smacks into the pads put it's quite high so no danger of the lbw.
no run, Mind holding the bat still the batsman? Rashid can hit it then. Beats him with a legbreak again. Third time in a row. De Villiers pushes inside the line.
FOUR runs, lifts it over mid-on to take four. This was short and at the body. Didn't have room, but the hands were sufficiently under this as he lifted it on the rise.
1 run, low full toss, which the batsman swings away to long-on.
1 run, fuller around off and middle, driven inside out towards long-off.
no run, sways out of this short ball angling away.
no run, short and angled across, Parthiv flays a cut to point.
2 runs, good length and into the pads. Nudged to fine leg's right.
no run, googly on middle, the batsman watches it from the pitch, hangs back and defends towards point.
1 wide, offcutter, very short and wide. Left alone.
no run, length on middle stump, defended to mid-on off the back foot.
no run, wrong un to start with, spinning in off a length outside off. the batsman wants to cut it away but under-edges.
1 run, full outside off, and defended with soft hands to cover. They take the single and that's an IPL hundred for the batsman The first IPL finals hundred while chasing, the second in all IPL finals. Take a bow, legend. Also his second of the season.
no run, full, close to off stump, the batsman doesn't quite middle the drive and it rolls along towards short extra-cover. A little late getting forward, he seemed to be moving as he played the shot.
FOUR runs, length, down the leg side, and the batsman gets it down to fine leg with a glance. Would have been wide had he left this, but he'll take the four runs on offer.
1 run, OUT, slower ball again, worked into a hole on the leg side, and has Miller lost his bat while diving to make it to the non-striker's end? Oh he has lost his bat while diving but has Jadhav broken the wicket with his hand before colelcting the ball? Miller is definitely short of the ground, and the third umpire doesn't seem to be considering the possibility of Jadhav having messed up this run-out. He rules it out. Miller gone without facing a ball on RR debut. Good thinking by the fielder in the deep to go to the far end because Miller was surprised by the call for two. And Jadhav's collection was clean as. The earlier replays created an illusion it might not have been.
FOUR runs, very poor from the bowler. Too short and angling down, Dhawan helps this down past short fine leg. He'll put those away in his sleep. Not the kind of ball you want to be bowling to someone who has a highest of 11 in his last five innings!.
no run, good length outside off, steps out and wants to stab it through cover. Comes off the inside edge.
FOUR runs, paddled fine! Length ball on middle, and the batsman goes down on one knee to meet the ball. Paddled past Pant's left, and fine leg is too square.
no run, short of a length, no room, defended back to him.
1 wide, bouncer, but down leg side so he'll have to bowl that again.
1 run, low full toss, very wide outside off, and thumped to long on for a single. Hardik keeps strike.
no run, too short! Back of a length outside off, the batsman drags a pull to midwicket.
1 run, yorker at off stump, punched to long-off's right.
1 run, slower ball again, on a length, no room, bunted into the leg side for one.
FOUR runs, he has nearly got his man. Just out of the reach of the first slip. Short of a length, seaming away, the batsman throws his bat at it, and the edge goes over Tewatia at slip.
OUT, the bowler drags his length back, cramps the batsman for room, and bowls him. Short and angling into the body from over the wicket, the batsman swivels into a pull. The ball hits the thigh, then his arm, the ball swivels, and bounces up to trim the bails. Lucky break for Kings XI.
no run, googly to start off. Full on off, and spinning further away. Tapped off the back foot to mid off.
1 run, full on leg stump, angles in, flicks to deep square.
1 run, full on middle and the batsman manages to bunt it to long off.
no run, a googly outside off, length ball, Suryakumar was looking to dab it fine, gets beaten.
no run, does him again! He has Yusuf reaching outside the off stump, the flight is just so darn delectable. But he just can't reach the pitch of the ball. Ends up driving with an angled face and is beaten on the outside edge.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, tucked away towards midwicket, 50 of the stand comes up with that single.
1 run, full, into the pads, slogged to deep midwicket for one.
OUT, waist high full toss outside off, and the batsman thumps it towards the leg side. Straight down deep midwicket's throat, but the batsman thinks it could be a no ball. They're checking. It's gonna be close, but given!.
1 run, tucked away off the hip again for another single.
no run, waits for the ball around off stump and defends to point.
FOUR runs, yes he is! And he gets it too. Mohit bowls a length ball on middle stump, the batsman swivels and swings this between deep square and deep midwicket.
no run, beats the inside edge. A slower yorker this time, just dips inwards as he sets up outside off. Wants to drive through cover.
no run, sharp quick ball, 137ks, makes him fend and hits him high on the bat.
SIX runs, the batsman is in some mood. The first time Krishna goes into the batsman's half, he lofts him over wide long-on and into the street.
FOUR runs, whack! the batsman finds the point boundary. the bowler with a short and very wide ball and he climbs into this, on the front foot and full control.
1 wide, good length ad down leg side. Walks down and misses on the flick.
1 run, third yorker in a row, the batsman toe-ends this back towards the bowler, Bhuvi can't stop it cleanly on his followthrough, parries this to mid-off.
no run, the batsman shimmies out, the bowler chases him with a short ball and cramps him for room. Played back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, past a diving short third man! Faf knew Ishant would correct his line, and makes room to attack the off side. He doesn't keep the shot down, though, and it's not far away from the diving fielder inside the ring. Once past him, it's four.
1 run, just back of a length, straightens around off, punched to sweeper cover.
2 leg byes, good length and wide outside off, gets down for the sweep, it deflects off his back thigh and rolls away behind the keeper.
1 run, touch short again, whips this to deep square leg.
no run, length on middle, the batsman waits for it and taps it to cover.
FOUR runs, full just outside off, this time the drive is well placed! Between long off and deep extra cover this time.
FOUR runs, imperious. On a length, outside off, and the batsman plonks his front foot half-way down, and punches this on the up. Lovely off drive. Between the bowler and mid-off.
2 runs, dropped short outside off, pulled on the ounce to long-on's right.
1 run, good length on leg stump, shuffles and glances to fine leg.
1 run, fuller outside off, driven towards long-off from the front foot.
1 run, short of a good length and swung away, punched on the rise to sweeper.
1 run, reaches out to slap this short delivery to sweeper cover.
no run, beaten by one that just jags away a hint. Vijay poked at it with an angled bat, looking to ease behind point.
1 run, full on off, and he mistimes a leg-side slog to deep backward square.
1 run, on a length, flat, pushed to long-on for one.
(no ball) FOUR runs, high full toss, a dangerous one at shoulder height, the batsman sways inside the line and helps this past short third man.
1 wide, brilliant yorker on leg stump, but oh that's cruel! It goes down the leg side as the batsman skips his toes out of the way. Wide called by umpire Erasmus.
2 runs, lovely shot and a good stop too. A low full toss outside off, drilled past cover. Vijay Shankar makes lots of ground to his right and stops the boundary.
no run, length on off, pushed to cover.
no run, full on off, pushed to cover.
1 run, short of a length, no room, he drops this at his toes, and this time they take the single.
1 run, steps out and punches this length ball to long off.
no run, 98 kph, flat and straight, defended back. Don't think Ro minds those dots.
2 runs, slower ball on middle, pushed to long-on with soft hands and they scamper two as the ball trickles towards the fielder.
FOUR runs, but the batsman keeps attacking the bowler. Not a horrible ball. Wide length ball, but this gives him the pace to time it with a square-drive. Places this to the left of point, and right of third man.
no run, length at off stump, defended to point from the crease.
no run, slower ball, nearly a yorker, surprises him. Dot.
OUT, knocked him over with a beauty. Curran had no clue against the bowler tonight. the bowler goes around the wicket, hits a good length with an angle into leg stump, but gets it to hold its line a touch. Curran nudges in front of the body for the angle and ends up playing inside that. It hits middle stump. But a job well done from CSK's new opener. Addendum: on second viewing, it looks like Curran just played the wrong line and it didn't straighten all that much. Also it hit leg stump.
no run, bouncer rising sharply in the corridor, left alone.
1 run, googly, quite short, cramps him a little and he opens up to pull to deep backward square leg.
no run, beaten by a fizzing legbreak from length on off stump. Harshal played down the wrong line.
no run, backs away to give himself room but smart by Keemo, who pushes it wide of off stump. the batsman can't reach that, and it's another dot ball.
1 run, full outside off, and the batsman goes poking at it. Glanced down to third man.
no run, good yorker on a fifth-stump line, sneaks it under the batsman's bat as he attempts to jab it through the off side.
SIX runs, short, wide, and he slaps this hard. It's gone high, but wide enough to beat the backward point fielder.
no run, shortish, angling in from wide of the crease, cramps the batsman for room as he shapes to cut. Jumps to ride the bounce and chops it down towards the keeper.
FOUR runs, low full toss, on off, and he does well to make room and squeeze this past point for four.
OUT, slows it down in pace, pulls his length back ever so slightly, the batsman looks for the cut shot but is cramped for room and it crashes into middle.
1 run, slower bouncer. In control this time, the batsman, but he can't do more than gently pat this to short fine's right.
1 run, length on middle, tucked away to deep squareleg for one.
no run, Moeen sends this one down wider of off stump, and the ball grips in the surface to beat the edge of the batsman's slashing square drive.
1 run, full on middle stump, and angling across the batsman. Caresses this front-foot drive to mid off.
no run, short of a length, no room, dropped at his toes, Dhawan looks up at Iyer if he wants to come through for one. Iyer doesn't.
(no ball), oop, that has gone completely wrong, pitched about a yard in front of him and bouncing numerous times off the cut strip  the batsman wants to hit it, and the umpire signals no-ball. Murugan doesn't look happy with that call.
2 runs, top edge, it goes really really high and just avoids Dhoni who runs back all the way and then flicks the ball inside the boundary to save two. De Kock pulled the short ball and his heart must have been in his mouth after that went high, but it went back over the keeper.
OUT, and a length ball produces another catch at long-on. This is just a languid hit, which he has timed well enough to carry it all the way to the fence. DC could still be bowled out.
FOUR runs, whew, what power! My word, what a shot.A shortish delivery outside off, but not too wide. He arches his back to make room, sounds weird I know, but that's what he did and sliced a cut through point.
no run, good length on off, and the batsman rocks back to fend it off the back foot.
1 run, length on off stump, pushed into the covers with soft hands.
FOUR runs, keeps going short - perhaps he's worried the batsman too would stride down the pitch - but the batsman is happily slinking back to pull to the square leg boundary.
no run, the batsman looks to angle a rising ball down to third man, but he picks out the gully fielder.
1 run, a googly, outside off, swept to deep square leg. Too full.
2 runs, good length on middle stump, and angling into the batsman. He punches it off the back foot past midwicket to the man in the deep. Two more. Also the team hundred.
no run, on the back foot, dragging the length back well this time.
no run, another rising delivery, angling into middle stump now. Jumps to ride the bounce and keeps it down into the leg side.
1 run, good length outside off, watchfully tapped out to sweeper cover.
1 run, short, spinning away from off stump, slapped to the left of backward point.
no run, another slower offcutter, turns away off short of a length and beats him.
FOUR runs, slashed over short third. Didn't make an effort to keep his shape there. And it's not exactly a risky option given the field. Third man is in. Slower short of a length ball outside off, chucks his hands at that and gets four.
SIX runs, shortish, angled in and tucked up for room, and the batsman gets the top-edge on the pull as he steps down, and sends it soaring over deep backward square leg.
no run, looping onto a good length outside off, and blocked. That'll make him feel better.
no run, good length, angled into the corridor. Chopped straight to point.
2 wide, short, too short! The keeper does exceptionally to take off like a jump-jet and get a glove on that to slow its path to the boundary.
no run, stands tall and punches this short of length ball to cover.
1 run, a short and wide delivery outside off, chopped away towards cover. Kohli gets in front of Chahal exuberantly and concedes an extra run as the ball goes through them both.
no run, looks to sweep but this was spinning away sharply from outside off. Beaten.
1 run, yorker, straight, dug out for a single.
1 wide, starts off with a big wide outside off, though.
1 run, length on middle, the batsman punches it to long-on for one.
1 run, slogged away again, this time to wide long-on.
1 run, works this from outside off towards long on.
1 run, drifting into middle and leg, eased to deep midwicket.
1 run, full outside off and driven fluently by opening the face of the bat to deep point. Sixth IPL fifty for Nitish the batsman.
no run, slower bouncer, climbs over middle as the batsman ducks under it.
1 wide, short outside off, left alone and called wide.
no run, rapidly past the outside edge! Genius bowling. This is the exact line and length - and even the release - from which he bowled that googly to Dhoni earlier. Jadha covers for that and loses the outside edge battle.
FOUR runs, crunched up and over cover! This was a half volley outside off, and he used the bottom hand to shovel it up and over cover with power!.
no run, length, outside off, and he defends.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, pushed to cover-point who is in tight on the single.
OUT, relay catch first up. the bowler has bowled a dangerous ball first up. Seam-up, on-pace, in the slot, but Sharma gets more air than lemgth on it. Maxwell runs to his right from long-off, is very close to the rope when he fumbles the catch, bit still holds on, recovers well and lobs it back in before going over. Neesham, the man at long-on, has done well to come backing up for the relay catch.
1 run, short of fine third man. Short and angled into the batsman, who is arching into the leg side for the ramp. A third man is put in there exactly for that. But it doesn't get close.
no run, the perfect wide yorker. Inside the line, but too far from the reach of the batsman.
OUT, the bowler's running again! Full just outside off, but the batsman comes down the ground and toe-ends a lofted shot. No real timing, and long-on makes no mistake.
1 run, full, and very wide outside off. Forces the batsman to reach at it, but still chooses to sweep it to deep midwicket.
no run, length ball, on off, and he goes onto the back foot to defend.
no run, four in a row! the batsman sets himself for an uppercut at a slow, short cutter at 121km/h, but it's another play and a miss.
no run, full and wide outside off, driven away towards cover with the full face.
no run, flat on middle and leg, worked to midwicket from the back foot.
no run, good length and in at off stump. Tapped to extra cover on the up.
SIX runs, slapped over square leg. He's in terrific form to be pulling Jofra for six from just short of a good length. No movement on that, he drops his back shoulder to get the weight back and uses the pace to launch this.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended to cover off the back foot.
OUT, no, he can't! Out first ball. Sharp bouncer on middle, and Rashid takes his eyes off the ball while trying to pull. Gloves the ball into the air, and the bowler races towards the batsman to complete an easy catch. On a hat-trick!.
SIX runs, 134.4ks, head-high short ball on middle, Faf takes it on with a pull. He ends up splicing it hiiiiigh over the square-leg boundary.
1 run, hammers the short and wide delivery as ferociously as he could to deep point.
no run, googly at middle stump, defended into the covers.
2 runs, length at middle stump, walks across his stumps and flicks to fine leg's left. Kohli wanted more urgency from that fielder. the batsman gets off the mark with a double.
no run, flat, quick legbreak, pushed back to him. the batsman doesn't want to take risks against Rashid, but he needs to get a a single at least.
no run, full on the pads, pushed to mid-on.
no run, length outside off, pace and extra bounce, the batsman follows it with the bat and misses.
1 run, back of a length on off, and punched off the back foot. Thick outside edge and dribbles away to point.
no run, slides through under the bat. Googly, short of a length and spinning across the corridor as he looks to pull this over deep midwicket.
SIX runs, drilled over long on! Tossed up on off, and Faf takes a big stride forward, before thumping it over the non-striker's head. The crowd erupts, and time for the time out.
SIX runs, sweeps him over wide long-on! That is sweetly hit, wow. Good length and dipping in from outside off. He's down on one knee and uses his reach to send this 90 metres.
1 run, flighted, wrong'un again, and he goes back to punch this to deep cover again.
FOUR runs, scooped over short fine. Savvy batting from the batsman. It's a yorker at middle stump, he drops his right shoulder and steps into the off side to make room and nails the connection.
FOUR runs, gets past Gayle at slip. Short of a length, shapes away, and the batsman hangs his bat out to send an edge flying past Gayle, who doesn't quite leap as much. But it looked like a tough chance anyway.
1 run, good length on middle stump, and tapped to long on for a walking single.
1 run, length around off and middle, backs away and pushes it towards mid-off.
1 wide, tries the slower ball, and it lands off the cut strip. The umpires are wondering if this should be a wide or a no-ball. If it lands off the pitch, it is a no-ball, but this is called a wide after discussion between the two umpires.
2 runs, short of length outside off, stays back and punches it towards covers for a couple.
1 run, slower through the air outside off, the batsman stretches out and paddles it away behind square on the leg side.
1 run, length, outside off, and he cracks a square drive, but gets it to backward point.
FOUR runs, that's sublime timing! A length ball that pitches on middle and is slanted across, the batsman drives past Ashwin diving to his right at mid-off.
no run, quick fizzer outside off, no turn, the batsman punches off the back foot to backward point.
no run, big inswinger but watchfully defended with a straight bat. Goes wide of the crease and hits a good length.
1 run, short and just outside off, chopped down to third man.
no run, back of a length and outside off, cuts and misses.
FOUR runs, boom! The umpire ducks for cover. Full, wide outside off, and he flat-bats a shot over the bowler's head. Lands just inside the long-off boundary.
1 run, short ball outside off, looks to clobber this cut, but loses shape and timing because of it. Gets it straight to extra cover.
1 run, full outside off, reaches out and drives to long-off.
FOUR runs, drops short, the googly spinning in from outside leg stump, the batsman smashes it through backward square - no one there, four all the way!.
no run, goes for the on the up drive through the covers, but the ball holds on the pitch and messes with his timing.
no run, good length and just outside off, chopped to backward point.
OUT, short and into leg stump. It's there for the pull but it looks like he's hurried there because he can only manage to loft this up with the angle, no real power on that and not even entirely a pull. A half-ramp. Catching practice at deep square.
no run, short, and he goes back to cut this but misses the ball.
1 run, good length and slid into the corridor. Backs into the leg side to make room and punches to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, slapped with disdain! Good length, but wide enough outside off to cut it furiously hard. the batsman winds up and then pumps this past backward point.
no run, length, and he goes back and cuts it towards point.
1 run, short outside off, but not too wide. Dhawan cuts it to deep point.
no run, goes back to the shortish delivery a shade outside off and punches it through extra cover.
1 run, picked off the pads to deep square leg for one.
no run, down the track, the bowler pulls the length back, Sarfaraz looks to push at it, almost ends up chipping to short midwicket, one bounce to the fielder.
2 runs, dipping full-toss, swings away late, the batsman toe-ends it in the air to the left of Shakib at cover.
FOUR runs, full on off, and the inswinger is picked up and deposited to the wide long-on fence. Clears his front leg to swing across the line, and gets enough muscle to beat the fielder in the deep.
FOUR runs, drilled. Good shot that. Overpitched on off stump, half a stride and full of intent to get that exactly where he wants - to mid-off's left with the full face offered till the last moment.
1 run, full on middle, and straightens after pitching. the batsman pushes it towards the on side, and shall keep the strike as well.
1 run, walks across the stumps to help this over short fine, gets some glove on it as he looks to play this slower legcutter, didn't have pace to work with.
SIX runs, now he adds insult to injury. This is a magnificent loft over extra cover. Picked the legbreak off the hand, wasn't underneath the flight but hit this on the up and this sailed away. Wow.
FOUR runs, oh that's nicely done. was backing away to give himself room, the bowler followed him, but he opened the face from close to his body and steered it wide of short third man. The length was too short, allowed him to adjust.
2 runs, full at off stump, driven with the turn to long-off's right.
1 run, good length outside off, and enough width for the batsman to chop this cut to third man. The fielder's pretty square in the deep.
1 wide, length ball down leg side, misses on the sweep.
1 run, sliding down leg, he rocks back and pulls to deep backward square leg.
no run, given out caught at the wicket, and the batsman has reviewed it. Bouncer, at his helmet, the batsman looks for the hook, and it has missed his bat and just kissed the helmet on the way. So the batsman has successfully overturned this one.
no run, works this gently with the spin to the leg side.
no run, on a length, middle and leg, angling across, pushed to mid-off.
2 runs, full on off, from around the wicket. Tapped to the big gap at midwicket, and they take off for two runs. Throw from the deep from Miller forces the batsman to dive into his crease. But replays show the batsman was comfortably in.
OUT, Miller does it perfectly this time! A top-quality sliding catch, running to his left from long-off. It's a loopy length ball outside off, he steps out and doesn't get to the pitch. Goes through with the loft anyway. It's flat and to Miller's left. He runs IN and also to his left and as he's sliding, he gets in the reverse-cup to hold on. Lovely.
1 run, slower ball at 117.1 kmph, drops it in front of cover and takes off for a rapid single, barely manages to beat the throw.
no run, pushed back hard at the bowler, who stops it cleanly.
FOUR runs, chipped over point. This is reminiscent of Mayank Agarwal yesterday, who gauged early that hitting boundaries along the ground was difficult on a slow surface. the batsman with no intent to keep this drive down against a length ball across him.
2 runs, the batsman's front leg is opened up. He has bad intentions here, but the bowler keeps the length short of his slot. the batsman pushes this wide of long-n for two.
1 run, and this one deserves to go for a fourth four. Short, wide, cut away, but this time Kishan dives to his left at cover-point to keep them down to one.
no run, falls short of Rahane at second slip! Lovely delivery to the new batsman, hitting a good length, probing in the off-stump corridor. the batsman pokes at it, gets an outside edge, but he's played with hands just about soft enough.
1 run, slower ball on a length, just outside off. Shuffles and clips on the up to long-on.
no run, beaten by the legbreak as Rashid pitches it on a good length and gets the ball to hurry off the pitch. That quick arm action again .
1 run, shorter leg break, he's back and working this through midwicket to the sweeper.
1 run, turns this gently into the midwicket region.
no run, wide legbreak, punched straight to extra cover.
FOUR runs, pulled to deep square's left. A slower ball dug in short and coming into his body. He's quickly in position to get behind that and swivels to get it over the boundary on the bounce.
1 run, length outside off, swept along the floor to long leg.
2 runs, overpitched and outside off, the batsman stretches out and drives sweetly straight of mid-off. Hardik throws himself to his right, half-stops the ball.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, 109ks, cramps him up, the mis-hit into the leg side gets them a single.
no run, length, spins away, punched to cover.
OUT, taken at deep midwicket! Right on the edge of the boundary too! Eden rises to its ball-bashing hero. the batsman goes for 47 off 17! And this shot too - a front foot pull to a bouncer that came up over his shoulder - is absolutely pummelled, But dragging a ball like that - especially from that height - takes some timing off the shot - even from the batsman's shots. Good composure from Agarwal to track the ball, time his jump and take it cleanly.
1 run, off-stump yorker, dug out through cover-point.
FOUR runs, full on middle, the batsman makes a bit of room and goes through the line and over the bowler's head.
1 wide, flatter and wider outside off, spins away sharply  and perhaps too much, the batsman was looking to come down but then stays back and leaves it alone.
1 run, slower and fuller, lucky to get away with that. the batsman mistimes this slog over cover to the fielder at the edge of the ring.
1 run, overpitched on off stump, and that's been drilled to mid off. Quick run collected.
no run, length on leg stump, flicked to square leg.
no run, back of a length on middle, defended to midwicket.
no run, short and turning away outside off, beaten on the cut.
no run, tries to make room, but the bowler doesn't allow such shenanigans. the batsman only ends up cutting the ball to point.
1 run, full, angling into leg stump. Saw the batsman shaping to make room. Pushed to the left of cover.
no run, short of a length, extra bounce, and leaves him too. He doesn't follow it.
no run, good length and just outside off, pushed into the covers.
1 run, slider on leg, he's back and working this forward of square.
2 runs, good length and across him on off stump, uses the angle to jab this to sweeper's left.
1 run, quick full legbreak, and Mann goes back to it. He is a sitting duck, but miraculously gets an outside edge to survive this ball.
1 run, short ball, and he gets a top edge off a hook, but fine leg has now moved back to the boundary. It goes down to him after a few bounces.
1 run, length ball on the pads, moves across a bit and dabs it towards square leg.
no run, beaten. Legbreak, tossed up outside off, the batsman pushes in defence, beaten by the turn.
no run, driven back to the bowler, good stop off his own bowling.
1 run, length on off, the batsman guides it down to third-man.
1 run, just short of Yuvraj at midwicket tailing into him, and he chips it in the air, but it's dipping on Yuvraj who can't reach it despite diving forward.
no run, oooh, this is a battle! the bowler's angle from around the wicket, and his line of attack, going short and at the body, is not fun for the batsman. He backs away and blocks this with his bottom hand flying off his bat.
FOUR runs, whipped! What great use of the wrists. Full on middle, and he's quick to gauge the length and pounces onto it in a flash. No chance for Roy at long on.
no run, length at off, defended off the back foot.
OUT, gloved and gone! Eden Gardens goes wild. A short delivery down leg, the bowler was quick and hustling. the batsman is hurried on the pull and eventually, he can only get a glove on his pull, through to DK. That's a massive wicket, primarily because it's some relief.
no run, length at off stump, defended solidly on the back foot.
2 runs, picks the googly off the pitch, but adjusts in time and puts it in a hole on the leg side for a couple.
1 run, whips this down to long-on again.
1 run, starts with a carrom ball on middle and off, the batsman works it to long-on.
1 run, full just outside off, and the batsman check drives over Lynn's head. A chip actually, which saves him. Lands just short of long on.
no run, full on off stump, driven to extra-cover.
no run, googly, hurried on to him, he gets his bat down and jabs it to the bowler's left.
no run, slower ball, angled across, the batsman wants to go over the off side but can't reach it.
SIX runs, the batsman takes on deep midwicket and wins. The confidence from a fresh wicket and a small ground. He slog-sweeps this just over the fence.
FOUR runs, full on the pads and he tickles it down to the fine leg boundary. Easy pickings.
no run, short, wide, bounces, beats the outside edge.
1 run, full on middle, the batsman turns the face too early and gets a leading edge that trickles away to point.
no run, yorker  at 148 kph on middle and the batsman goes deep in his crease, gets behind and offers a full bat face.
FOUR runs, slower ball. It is too full and too wide, and the batsman has enough time to recover. Stays deep into the crease, and absolutely rockets this past extra cover. No one is laying a finger on that one.
no run, short of a length outside off, stabbed into the covers on the up.
1 run, shanked away as he looks to pull, but it falls well short of deep midwicket.
no run, play and miss attempting another sweep. It slides under the bat angling across outside off.
no run, reads the googly, cuts late but straight to point.
2 runs, length outside off, the batsman goes down on one knee and ramps it over the keeper for two.
no run, looks to carve this behind point, but is beaten. Too full again from Dhawal.
1 run, works this length delivery to deep midwicket.
1 run, length on leg stump, tucked to deep square off the back foot.
no run, length, and he presses forward to punch this towards mid off. Travels quick, and there's no chance of getting any runs.
1 run, good length outside off, but angling into the right-hander. Punched off the front foot to long on for a walking single.
1 leg bye, length on the pads the batsman was hurried a little as he tried to tuck it away, gets it on the thigh pad and they scamper one.
no run, full on off, and defended back to the bowler. He wants the single, but turns back eventually. Bhuvi, though, picks up the ball and has a shy at the stumps. Breaks it, but the batsman had dragged his bat in.
OUT, in the air and taken at third man! Tahir takes the catch, and he gives the crowd a flying kiss. The Chepauk erupts. Length ball, on off, and the batsman's attempted slog takes an outside edge.
1 run, back of a length on middle, punched off the backfoot to long-on.
1 run, backs away to flat bat a quicker delivery on off stump to long-off.
1 run, full on off, he sweeps hard along the ground to deep square.
1 run, lenght, and he pushes this towards midwicket and picks up one.
no run, quick yorker this time, dug out back to him.
no run, dropped at midwicket. Pollard to his left. This short of a length middle stump ball was pulled very firmly off the front foot. Pollard got two hands to it though, about thigh height, and will be disappointed with that.
no run, short, pitches down the leg side, and the batsman gets over it.
1 run, length ball, and he drives this towards long off.
FOUR runs, the bowler goes wide of the crease, but this full ball holds its line outside off, the batsman leans into it and caresses a cover drive. There were four in the ring on the off side but the batsman still found the gap. That's how good he is.
1 wide, another one that he wants to hide outside off, but skirts the wrong side of the wide line.
1 run, slow through the air again, offbreak on middle and leg, pushed to long-on for one.
SIX runs, and another one, in the same place! In the same slot where the fifth ball was pitched, there comes the big back-lift, the big swing and there vanishes the ball on the leg side. This six looked even bigger.
FOUR runs, top edge and clear of the keeper. Caught a little on the front foot here as a short one rises up at the helmet. Adjusts quickly and swipes from under it.
1 run, plays outside the line again, gets a thickish inside edge past square leg.
no run, fixes his line. Full on off, and the batsman's forced to defend off the front foot.
1 run, fuller on the toes, digs it out towards midwicket for one.
1 wide, loses his radar! Small margins. Full and slanted down leg side. Rashid sets up for the helicopter again. Misses again.
no run, short of a length slider outside off, cut into the turf off the under-edge.
2 runs, yorker on middle, but the batsman manages to dig this away to deep extra cover. Enough time to jog back for the second.
FOUR runs, shot! Not that short, on off stump, and he swivelled on his back heel to pull it away to the left of deep midwicket.
no run, darted into off stump, 96kph, he's back and working this to midwicket.
2 runs, slower short ball at off stump, controlled pull to deep square's left.
no run, full, middle and leg, dug out to midwicket.
1 run, length on leg stump, early on the flick and he ends up chipping it past the square leg umpire.
no run, now the bowler with his go-to mind-game. Goes from between the umpire and the stumps. Good length and at off stump. Well forward to block, is the batsman.
no run, good length outside off, walks into that punch into the covers.
1 wide, good length, poor line. Attempted slower ball. About 40kph slower than regular pace at 106kph. Bounces down leg side.
1 run, dug in short of a good length and turning away marginally outside off. Just waits on that and shovels it to deep midwicket.
OUT, knocks off stump out with a 145kph ball. the batsman walking into the leg side again expecting a short one, but this is full. the bowler too smart for him, but it's the end of yet another impressive innings from the 20-year-old.
1 run, length on middle, the batsman advances down the wicket, pushes it into the cover region and hurries through for a single.
1 run, half-volley, on off, driven to deep cover for one.
1 run, short of a length, bowled with the front of the hand. Gets on the back foot and punches to long-on.
no run, slower bouncer, outside off, beaten on the ramp. He wants the wide call but doesn't get it.
2 runs, right into the blockhole, squeezed to point from where there's an overthrow at the bowler's end. What should've been one is now two .
no run, inside edge onto the pad. It's flat and quick on off. the batsman tries to finds one through square leg.
1 run, length on off, steered to short third-man for one.
1 wide, length ball down the leg side and spinning further away.
1 run, a brilliant yorker this time, Sarfaraz jams his bat at it and can only get a single.
1 run, full and just outside off, looks to force that through the covers. Off the inside half to mid-on.
2 runs, short, wide, rocks back and cuts through point. Pulled back in front of the boundary.
1 run, short on leg stump, and the batsman's cramped for space. Somehow manages to play it towards the leg side.
1 run, yorker at a middle stump line, 146kph. Backs away and chops it to sweeper cover.
no run, good length at middle stump, mistimed punch into the leg side.
nan
1 run, slower ball to end the over and the batsman's too early into his attempted drive. Hits the bat's inside half and flies down to long on.
FOUR runs, flatter but down leg, bad lines again. Paddle-swept fine. Didn't get it off the middle, but didn't need to, the placement was spot on.
1 run, yorker on the pads, dug out for one.
no run, on a length, no room, punched hard to cover.
no run, full and drifts in on middle, nurdled to square leg.
OUT, taken at long-on! Spin does the trick. Was a full delivery, nicely in the arc for the batsman, lofts it down the ground but without the distance.
1 run, walks across to scoop, the bowler bowls this full and wide, deflected gently to short third man, misfield from substitute Pawan Negi, but there's no damage done.
2 runs, misses the yorker a little, and mid-off is up. But the batsman can't drive this wide enough of that man. They do run the second off the fumble, though.
1 run, yorker gone wrong, low full toss, into the toes, played to deep midwicket for one.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, dances leg side of it and then jabs at it. Almost got a little to far from that, but managed to get the chop in, with bottom hand coming off. Wide of third man.
OUT, another wide bouncer, another high ball, and another top edge. Rabada runs back from short fine leg to take the catch. A good last over from the bowler given what had happened earlier.
1 run, fuller now, on off stump, driven to long-off.
no run, length and angled in, much quicker delivery, slightly fuller as well and beats him as he has another ugly swing.
2 runs, fuller around middle and off, gets across and flicks it towards deep square leg, comes back for the second.
no run, right into the blockhole, he backs away to go over cover but can only manage to squeeze it back to the bowler.
1 run, yorker on off, digs it out towards square leg and they get through for a quick single after an early call from the batsman.
1 run, the batsman follows AB's lead, helping himself to a single to long off.
no run, lifter on middle, 141.4ks, the batsman ducks under it. the batsman: 6 off 12 balls.
FOUR runs, short, wide, on-pace, and he flays at it. Upper-cuts it over point for four more.
FOUR runs, length outside off, a bit of width this time, the batsman pushes it in the gap between cover and point, not from the middle of the bat but it races away towards the boundary.
1 run, full and swing into middle stump leans in and jabs that to midwicket.
1 run, low full toss outside off, hard hands again as he looks to drive through the off side. Inside edge down to long-on.
no run, full on off, defended off the front foot towards gully.
no run, around the off stump and the batsman pushes it into the covers.
2 runs, good length around off, some spin into him, punched wide of long-on and they sprint back for the second.
no run, full, outside off, and he swings and he misses. Was looking to hit this into Guntur!.
1 run, full ball, and he squirts it away towards fine leg.
no run, slower ball beats the batsman. it hits a good length outside off and finds the batsman far too early with his push down the ground.
1 run, good length outside off, driven on the up to long-off.
2 runs, not the most convincing of shots but Dhawan is away. He drives with an open face and deliberately in the air. He gets a thick edge fine of deep cover for a couple.
no run, was that required? Gambhir ain't happy with the shot selection. A full delivery on the pads. the batsman looks for a switch hit, because third man is up. But the ball goes past and hits the batsman on the pad.
1 run, full outside off, pushed to cover, chance of a run-out as the batsman takes off but Pollard misses at the non striker's end and that's the batsman's fifty.
no run, diving stop at midwicket. Length ball whipped firmly across the angle but Hooda's right hand sticks out and stop this.
1 run, flicked with the turn into the leg side, turning the strike over.
1 run, good length and middle stump, punched to deep midwicket.
1 run, flatter, quicker, fuller, pushed to long-off for one.
1 run, swung across the line, but on the bounce to long on. Dragged it from wide outside off.
1 run, quicker, flatter, 100ks, worked to leg for one.
SIX runs, we often see a wicket fall after the time-out, but rarely a six! Offcutter outside off stump, but too wide. the batsman winds up, and thumps it over cow corner.
1 run, he was giving himself room but Ishant follows him. the batsman equal to it though, clips it off his toes to long-on.
1 run, dropped! No mine and no pinnadi po between DK and Uthappa here as they collide and put one down. Oh, poor the bowler. Tosses it up slowly, a googly. the batsman goes for the slog sweep, top edges into the covers. Uthappa under it finds DK in his face at the last moment.
1 run, a very quick delivery on off, maybe the low full toss, smashed to long-on.
1 run, yorker on the pads, clipped to deep squareleg.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, opens the face and chops it to third man's right.
2 runs, slower ball outside off, the batsman leans into the drive, caresses it through the covers for two.
OUT, bowled him! Lovely seam bowling exhibition from Mohit tonight! After taking it away from the batsman all of last over, he jags this one back in. the batsman on the front foot at an off stump line, but brings down an angled bat. It's off the inside edge and crashes into leg. Top stuff from Mohit.
no run, darted short and outside off, chopped straight to backward point off the back foot.
1 run, short at off stump, arches into the leg side and chops to third man's right.
no run, stays back to defend a length ball.
1 run, full and straight, clipped off the toes for a single to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, full outside off, giving the batsman a bit of room to free his arms. He creates more by getting his front leg away from the line, and drives it along the ground to the left of extra-cover, and a long way to the right of deep point.
no run, play and a miss! Full outside off, and turning away sharply. Goes down on one knee to slog sweep but misses.
1 run, quick lebgreak, short of a length, worked to leg for one.
1 run, full on off, and tapped away to cover for a quick single.
1 run, low full toss, opens up his body and punches to long-off.
no run, length ball around off, stays back and punches it towards mid-off.
1 run, short on the hip, 136kph, he swivels on a pull to fine leg.
no run, legcutter, which the batsman picks, but the lack of room means he can only find cover.
no run, good length and just outside off, tapped to mid-off on the back foot.
1 run, length on the pads, whipped away to deep squareleg for one.
no run, back of a length on leg stump, tucked to square leg.
FOUR runs, and he likes that angle. Gets inside the line of a full ball and sweeps this over square leg for four.
no run, drifts and lands on off stump. the batsman takes a big stride forward, and defends.
FOUR runs, oh, that's a stunning shot! Came out of nowhere. You didn't actually realise it was a four until you saw how well he had placed that. A length ball that turns away and he simply waits and waits before punching it through backward point.
no run, beaten. Expertly done. Slower ball, good length and wide outside off. Looks to slog that and is beaten.
1 run, full on off, the batsman comes forward, closes the face and turns it towards midwicket.
1 run, backs away and taps the shortish delivery to long-off.
2 runs, fires in a low full toss, pushed wide of deep midwicket for two. Coulter-Nile fumbles, then wipes his hand on his pants.
SIX runs, take that He's coming to the party late, but how. Low full toss now and he muscles it over the bowler's head. Bottom of the bat, but such is his power that he sends it over the rope.
no run, darter from the bowler, but even the quicker one grips and Shreyas has to hurry his dab to point.
no run, fuller ball, and he looks to go down the ground. Gets an inside edge on to his leg, and it lands right at his feet.
1 leg bye, shapes to sweep but the googly drifts and spins away to deflect off his back thigh to short third man.
1 run, drills a shortish delivery outside off to long-off.
FOUR runs, same length but gives him the width to throw his arms at. Goes flying over point.
OUT, soft dismissal! Chinna Thala to the rescue. Low full toss on off, and the batsman tries to lift it over cover, but he's sliced this to Raina at cover.
SIX runs, that's filth from the bowler. A slower ball down leg, a full toss as well. the batsman just swivels on a sweep and clears short fine leg. The catch is taken, but by a ballboy outside the boundary.
no run, short of a length and wide outside off, slight shape in. But not enough to make him play.
FOUR runs, slower length ball on middle and leg, this time the batsman cleverly waited for the ball to arrive before unfurling a flat-batted pull to the midwicket fence. Dhawal assumed he'd look to cut again and bowled it closer to the stumps. Didn't matter.
no run, short of a length, gets on top and drops it in front of cover. Wants a single but is sent back.
no run, on a length, outside off, driven on the up, but straight to extra cover.
no run, short of a length, no room, opens the face, but can't beat the man at point, who is in tight to save the single.
1 run, yorker at middle stump, jammed into the covers.
1 run, slight shape back in, takes the inside edge for a single to fine leg.
1 run, yorker just outside off, and that's been played with the bat's open face. Glanced to deep point.
1 run, leading edge as he walks down and closes the face at this length ball outside off. Single to mid-off's left.
1 leg bye, big appeal for lbw. Slower good length ball raps him in front of middle as he gets forward to defend. Pitching outside leg? Yes. Smart choice not to review that.
OUT, big appeal for lbw, and the finger goes up. the batsman challenges the on-field out decision. Full nip-backer, the batsman is caught on the crease, playing around his front pad and missing. Impact in line and the tracker returns umpire's call on leg stump. the batsman bags a duck on return.
FOUR runs, full on middle, shuffles across and whips it away towards fine-leg for four. Mumbai are continuing to play shots, works on that occasion.
1 run, short and just outside off, shuffles and jabs it into the covers.
1 run, drills this full delivery to long off.
FOUR runs, just evade mid-off. He has the runs, but he hasn't always been in control. Length outside off. goes on the rise and the bat turns in his hand as this slice clears Barman and runs away.
2 runs, good length and into leg stump. Steps out and whips to deep backward square's right.
no run, full, outside off, crunched, but straight to extra cover, who is off the circle to prevent the single.
OUT, Bluffmaster. the bowler has bluffed the batsman. He has shown him the field for a bouncer, and slipped in the full swinging ball to knock him over. the batsman's feet are stuck behind, he makes no attempt to get in line, and the ball swings back to make its way through the big gate.
no run, fullish at 147.5 kph, driven to mid-off.
1 run, leans back and punches to sweeper cover.
no run, fast legbreak outside off, punched with the turn to cover.
1 run, drives it with the turn into the covers where a fumble allows one.
1 run, down the wicket, not to its pitch, but pushes this wide of the bowler for a single to long-off.
no run, is he bowled or has this come off Karthik's body? He slogs across a straight ball, and the extra bounce beats him, and also the top of the wicket. It comes off Karthik's body to break the wicket, but the batsman has never left the crease.
no run, floats it full and across, the batsman defends from the crease.
no run, beats him with a length ball outside off. Looks like he gets just enough away movement off it.
no run, straight run this time, and he bowls a really slow legbreak, beating the the batsman switch hit for the pace.
2 runs, yorker at middles stump, squeezed down to long-on's right and once again Jordan is back for the second Mayank has to dive as the throw comes in at his end.
1 run, good length and down leg side. Backs away and punches to long-on off the back foot.
FOUR runs, it was the offbreak from the bowler but it came in with the arm and the batsman got just enough bat to cut it fine on the off side for four.
1 run, slower ball, full, outside off, the batsman has to abort his big hit for just a single to deep point.
no run, goes for a wild swing, but misses completely! The ball hits his front pad, but impact's on leg stump. That would never have gone on to hit the stumps.
no run, slow, full, straght, defended back. the batsman's strike rate under 100 now.
1 run, shaped to flat-bat this over the bowler's head, but ended up bunting it into the off side.
1 run, full and slanted in at middle and leg. Front foot into the leg side as he hammers this along the ground to long-on.
FOUR runs, slower ball, half-tracker outside off, and all the time for the batsman to thump it over the bowler. Gets his front leg out of the way and flat-bats it to the long-on boundary.
1 run, tossed on the pads, worked square on the leg side for one.
1 run, full slower ball outside off, almost yorker length. Squeezed to deep midwicket off the thick inside edge.
no run, wide wrong'un, comes back in a long way, he dabs on it, but can't clear slip.
2 runs, slower bouncer on leg stump, pulled to the left of long leg.
OUT, plays all over it. the bowler has seen the batsman sweeping on length regardless of the spin on the ball. So he puts this around off stump - a region that is conducive to the sweep shot - but the length of this ball is a little fuller. And the ball skids through off the pitch, going under the bat and taking down off stump. The subtlest of variations. The greatest of effects.
1 run, short of a length, angling in, punched down to long-on for one.
1 run, pushes outside the line to get a thick inside edge towards square leg.
1 run, slow turn from length on off stump, dabbed towards point.
no run, beaten on the outside edge. the batsman doesn't know what line to play. He is playing for the turn, and fails to connect.
OUT, taken down leg side! Short ball cramps him at the hips. An awkward glance, off the inside edge. Dhoni stretches to his right and holds on low.
2 runs, length ball, slower through the air, and he just pushes this towards long on and picks up two.
2 runs, slower short ball at leg stump. Another laboured pull, this time to deep midwicket's left on that big boundary.
FOUR runs, starts with a fuller one, just around the off stump, Parthiv goes down and slogs it over midwicket for four.
no run, good length outside off, looks to drive through the off side but that's gripped and come off the inside edge. To midwicket's right.
no run, beauty to start! Back of a length outside off, the ball pitches and moves away like a snake. Beats the bat.
FOUR runs, slower knuckle ball, dips on off, or just a shade outside off, the batsman stretches out and reverse-paddles it fine of short third man.
SIX runs, too short this time and the batsman doesn't miss out, pulls it over deep midwicket to take the side to 160. The midwicket had come up for the batsman.
no run, short of a length and just outside off, rises on top of the bounce and guides it straight to backward point.
no run, good length delivery outside off, punched away to backward point.
1 run, 83 kph, misfield from Raina. Full outside off, KW comes down and pushes to Raina's left. He lets the ball through, slightly hurried by the pace of the ball.
no run, fuller, and just outside off. Driven to Gopal at mid off this time.
no run, slower bouncer wide outside off, jumps up and looks to slap it behind square. Beaten.
1 run, full outside off, and he's down on one knee to sweep it to the man at deep backward square.
no run, length outside off, stays back and defends to point.
SIX runs, ah, super strike that! Walloped into the deep backward square leg fence. Too full, too straight and down leg, the batsman just walloped it away. Bread and butter stroke for him.
no run, nicely bowled again, full outside off, defended to cover.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, hurriedly flicked to midwicket's right. A dive from Rohit there but he only parries it away.
no run, short and wide outside off, steps out and is beaten on the cut.
1 run, oh sweet god, finally we see a slower ball, worked to leg for one.
no run, beaten by the googly. Good length and just outside off. Playing for the one spinning in, bat hanging inside the line.
1 run, on a length, on off, punched down to long-off for one.
1 run, short and wide, he's back and cutting powerfully to deep point.
1 run, short of a length in the corridor, chopped to third man.
to Gaikwad, 1 run, short of a length and just outside off, pushed into the covers.
1 run, short of a length on off stump, punched to long-off off the back foot.
1 run, full toss, again cramps him up, concedes just the single to deep midwicket.
no run, extra bounce as he goes back to cut on off, DK also can't collect it.
2 wide, beaten as he steps into the off side for the ramp. It's past off stump and an extremely harsh wide call from the umpire. That ball went through where the batsman was in his stance. DK stops as they steal an extra.
no run, beaten. Draws him forward with drift on a length, gets it to spin past the edge.
no run, good length on middle, defended back to the bowler.
no run, pulls and misses. Beaten for pace, also had to fetch it from outside off.
1 run, slower length ball on off stump, clipped down to long-on.
no run, short around off, the batsman goes back and swats one to cover.
1 run, short of a length, straight, pushed down towards long-on.
SIX runs, yorker gone wrong, and the bowler has been hit for three successive shots. This is like Cottrell to Tewatia. Three balls in, and the batsman has taken the 18 required off the over. This is a plum full toss, and he has pumped it over deep square leg.
1 run, short of a length again as the batsman walks at him. Punched to extra cover for one.
no run, on a length, angling in, top of off. Defended.
SIX runs, launched over short fine. Poor bowling but that is sweetly put away. Fine leg is in and he goes short and down leg side. the batsman just helps it with a pull, nails the timing.
1 run, in the blockhole on off stump, jams his bat down to dig it out to extra-cover.
1 run, full and swung in at off stump. Walks down at it and punches to long-on.
1 run, short and skids on outside off, chopped to sweeper cover.
no run, full outside off, and turning into Watto again. Defended off the front foot to mid on.
no run, length, fired in, defended.
1 run, full on the pads, tucked away towards squareleg for one.
FOUR runs, not in full control but enough bat on this hook. Around the wicket from the bowler. Cramps him at grille height. Closes his eyes and swings at it. Top edge goes high and wide of short fine.
no run, driven firmly but straight to mid-off.
no run, that's a mean bouncer towards the batsman and he just about sways his head out of the line of the ball. One for the over.
no run, quick length ball, 138ks, just outside off. the batsman caught in no man's land with no feet movement. Throws his hands at the ball, and is beaten.
2 runs, works this indrifter towards wide long-on, 100 partnership comes up.
2 runs, full outside off, angling in from wide of the crease. the batsman leans forward, looking for the cover drive. Plays a little early and the angle causes the ball to run away through midwicket off the inside half of the bat. That shot brings up his fifty.
FOUR runs, full on leg, and he's once again down on one knee. Swept over the man at square leg for four more. Honestly, it was just a one-handed flick.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and the batsman waits for this to come at him. Opens his bat's face and taps it to point.
no run, good length and rips away outside off, beats the outside edge again.
no run, beats the edge this one, just a little shape away, playing away from his body looking for another glide to third man but wasn't in as much control.
1 run, on a length, just outside off, pushed with an open face for one.
1 run, short, straight, pulled to wide long-on.
FOUR runs, swung away to clear the midwicket fence, one bounce to the ropes. Slower ball again, on middle and leg. Lovely use of the crease there, stayed deep inside and swung through.
FOUR runs, sliced but just past Chahar at point! Solid, diving effort, but the drive still had enough behind that shot to run to the boundary.
2 runs, shorter, slapped down to long-off, punched firmly to the left of extra-cover.
no run, similar line and length, cut hard into the ground, rolls towards backward point.
FOUR runs, dropped. Good length and turning away from the corridor. Looks for the cut and gets a thick edge that brushes Rahul's gloves. Gayle is too wide at slip to get a hand on it.
FOUR runs, slower ball on middle, the batsman swings hard and early, gets an inside edges that beats his leg stump as well as the short fine-leg.
2 runs, full on the pads, the batsman comes down the wicket and pushes it between long-on and deep midwicket for an easy couple. The Knight Riders appear pretty deflated.
no run, on a length, around off, pushed to short midwicket.
no run, short of a good length and slanted into the corridor. Shuffles and is cramped. Defended towards midwicket.
1 run, tucks this gently into the leg side for a quick single.
no run, beaten for pace   lack of pace. A big wind-up but the ball never reached him.
1 run, length ball on middle stump, punches on the up to long-on.
2 runs, cramps him on the attempted slog as the batsman backs away. Skies into the vacant midwicket region inside the circle. Comes back for two.
1 run, tossed up at middle stump, nicely to the pitch as he drives to long-on.
SIX runs, lofted up and over, straight into the sightscreen. This was right in his swinging arc.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, opens the face and guides to third man.
no run, length ball around middle and leg, the batsman looks to flick it away and misses. An appeal for lbw but not out. Looked plumb unless there was some inside edge. Ashwin gestures it was perhaps going down but replays show it would have taken the off stump out.
1 wide, little pause in his stride, bowls a wide down the leg side. Seems like the carrom ball but doesn't turn enough.
2 runs, strays down with a length ball, bunted into the big side of the ground, comes back for two, handing the strike over to POllard for the start of the next over.
2 runs, another beamer! This one nearly knocks the batsman out as he's on the floor in trying to negotiate that. Somehow manages to get bat on it, just lands short of Uthappa at midwicket.  Poor call, not given a no-ball .
2 runs, placed into a hole on the leg side, and they come back for the second. Scores level.
no run, beaten. Short and wide outside off, looks to play the hook and it's well beaten. But they can afford that now. It's also the bouncer out of the equation for the next two balls.
no run, good length and just outside off, pushed down the pitch on the rise.
1 run, strays on leg and tucked to a squarish fine leg.
no run, short of a good length, wide outside off. Hapless slog and he's well beaten.
no run, length ball slanted in at the stumps. Once again, can't do more than defend down the pitch.
1 run, fuller length outside off, driven to long-off.
FOUR runs, in the slot, on-pace, and that is not good enough. the batsman clears the front leg and hits this straight of the diving long-off.
no run, length outside off. This one does turn back in and encumbers his attempted reverse sweep. Cops that on the pad.
1 run, full on the pads, clipped away to deep squareleg.
no run, good length and tucking him up in the corridor. Mistimed punch into the covers.
FOUR runs, short down leg and he's down on one knee and flicking this up and over fine leg! Trademark flick from Dhawan.
1 run, on a length, the batsman can't get under it, punched down to long-off.
1 run, slower offcutter again, 113ks, this time he drops it in front of point for a single.
1 run, gets the yorker almost right. No way the batsman is getting under the low full toss. Just the single to long-off.
1 run, good length on middle stump, steps out and flicks to deep square.
nan
FOUR runs, misfield at short fine leg! Harbhajan the man guilty there. Good length on off, and the batsman walks across to try and paddle towards the leg side. The ball takes his under edge, and goes to Harbhajan, but the ball sneaks under the fielder's fingers.
no run, length ball, just wide outside off, and blocked away to cover once again.
1 run, flicks well but Dre Russ stops well with the dive at mid-on. Saved three runs.
FOUR runs, nicely done. the batsman has almost become a specialist at this one-legged, no-balance shot to fine leg. This time it's off the spinner of course. Length ball fired down leg and he swivels to tap it on its head.
FOUR runs, mown through the covers like a combine-harvester across the outfield! Such fast hands, giving him time to angle the ball through the field.
no run, back of a length outside off, and Yusuf tries to pull it square. It comes off the bat's toe end, so the delivery goes nowhere. Brathwaite, however, wants to steal a run, but Yusuf's not interested. Shardul chooses not to have an aim at the stumps.
1 run, a shorter delivery down leg, pulled to deep backward square leg.
1 run, length on middle, hint of turn away, the batsman stays back and turns it around towards midwicket.
1 run, gets across to off stump, the bottom hand takes over as he plays a bottom-handed whip to deep square.
FOUR runs, Chahal gets to the ball but it's gone for four! It was full outside off, the batsman jammed his bat in to steer it just behind square to make Chahal run to his left from third man. He rolled to get his hands on the ball, but it went through.
no run, advances again, a touch shorter and it turns, taking him on the pad. Well bowled.
FOUR runs, this is crunched away. Looks for the wide yorker again, misses it, and Coulter-Nuile not only drives it hard but also beats deep cover to his left.
SIX runs, goes short on off, and DK's quick to swivel and pull! Great bat speed, and the Eden crowd is going delirious!.
OUT, make it one more success for Patel against the batsman. The analysts will love it. A sixth wicket of the batsman in under 60 balls. the batsman is keen to break the hold and is looking for one big hit. He seems this flat and goes back to pull but it skids an and he doesn't get the power or the elevation. Easy catch for deep midwicket. It is acutally not that easy. Hetmyer is taken aback by the power behind the shot but he has done well.
1 run, slightly short outside off, he taps it to third man.
1 run, length ball angling in towards off stump, gets on the front foot to clip it watchfully through midwicket.
no run, short of a length, no room, he opens the face, but can't beat Tewatia at point.
FOUR runs, low full toss on leg stump, allows that on and tickles it past short fine.
1 run, very full on the stumps, the batsman drills it straight to long-on with force.
OUT, tossed up outside off, and that's been given a wild leg-side slog. Slices it, and the ball's in the air. Raina gets under it from mid off, and takes a comfortable catch from near his face. Big wicket!.
SIX runs, full on off and the batsman is enjoying taking Curran on. In the slot under his bat, toe-ends it slightly but hits it flat and down the ground for six.
FOUR runs, buh-rilllllllliant cover drive! It's up there for the shot, but the put away is pure no-nonsense awesomeness. Lovely stride forward, perfectly straight bat, gorgeous timing.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, run down to deep third man.
2 runs, punches this length delivery into the gap at deep cover.
no run, full again and driven more fluently that time, but still doesn't get the placement and mid-off fields.
1 run, full on off, and he uses his wrists to whip this down to the leg-side boundary. Royals need 38 off 30 as we take another timeout.
1 run, another carrom ball, just outside off, dabbed towards short third man.
1 run, short of a length at middle stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, length and into the pads. Skids straight on. Onto the back foot to flick this to long leg.
1 run, wide on the crease, angling in, tucked away off the hip.
1 run, nails the yorker at off stump. Squeezed to square leg's right and hundred stand comes up for CSK.
no run, slower ball, on a length, top of off, the batsman opens the face but sends this straight to point.
no run, yorker on middle stump. Backs away again and is forced to jam this to mid-off.
OUT, Dhoni has reviewed the lbw appeal and based on the TV timer, it's a second late seemed to me like it was a second after the timer had hit zero. But it stands, say the umpires. He wasn't convinced and the bowler talked him into it. the batsman was looking to flick this length ball over the leg side and was struck on the knee flap in front of middle and leg. Not a big stride and it's hitting leg stump! Middle of leg stump. That kept a little low and it was a good call to review it. the batsman is gone.
no run, fullish outside off, looks to drive towards mid-off and short extra-cover moves to his right to intercept.
1 run, full and outside off, dragged down to wide long-on.
1 run, short on off, the batsman hops and shovels a pull to fine leg.
1 run, back of a length googly, goes back and across and works it through square leg.
FOUR runs, full outside off, and that's beautifully lifted to the long-off boundary. What a start to your IPL career!.
2 runs, slower bouncer at 110.5 kph, the batsman waits for it and swats it down to deep point. the batsman runs hard to complete two.
1 wide, full and drifting down leg - possibly a slower cutter - leg-side wide.
no run, responds with a bouncer at 141ks. the batsman ducks it.
no run, yorker, just outside off, dug out back to him.
no run, beaten. Googly, slow and short and wide. Lifts over his cut.
OUT, another batsman falls to a ball that stops on him. Length ball, angling in towards off stump, holds on the pitch and bounces extra, and the batsman checks his drive and pops back the simplest of return catches, at waist height.
1 run, short of a length on middle stump, nudged to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, good length, but outside off stump. Punched to cover off the back foot, and they race across for a single. the batsman keeps strike.
no run, googly but touch short, he mistimes a pull to short fine leg.
1 run, short outside off, tighter line but enough room for the batsman to chop it away to deep cover.
FOUR runs, shot! This is an unreal shot. Length ball in the corridor and once again, without any feet, he gets behind an outswinger. The unreal part? He's whipped it wide of mid-on, on the up. Genius.
1 run, good length and just outside off, pushes it into the covers with soft hands to steal a run from Pooran who fumbles.
1 run, length ball outside off, the batsman uses his feet, stays leg side of the ball and steers it towards extra cover, scampers through for a quick single.
1 run, flight outside off, the batsman looks to drive the ball through cover but mis-times the ball to long-off instead.
no run, flatter outside off, tapped back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, still quite full, this time on the off side and the batsman drives it in the air over the covers and finds the gap properly this time for another four.
1 run, tossed up on the stumps, comes forward and drives it towards long-on.
no run, good length, swung away and going through to the keeper on the bounce. Just outside the off stump and he let that go.
SIX runs, carved over point! Uses the pace to cut it over the infield! Width offered outside off, and easily done by Ajinkya the batsman. Looks so good.
1 run, short, angled in, the batsman goes low down for that half-sweep half-pull but doesn't time it.
2 runs, tossed up fuller now, outside off, driven to long-off.
FOUR runs, that is how difficult it is to bowl to the batsman. the bowler has nearly nailed this yorker, but the batsman takes this on the full and opens the face to beat point to his right.
1 run, good length at middle stump, a bit late on the slog sweep. It dribbes out to deep midwicket.
OUT, Hetmyer you beautiful beautiful fielder. His second stunning diving catch in the deep. the batsman makes room to loft this length ball inside out. Hetmyer dives to his left and also in front to take this clean. The soft signal is out. The hard signal has to be out as he has his fingers under it. The third umpire is convinced after watching many replays.
FOUR runs, that's a stunning shot. Beautifully done, backs away to a middle-stump yorker and jams the bat down before opening the face to glide it smartly through third man.
1 run, length on middle, fired in, clipped away to deep squareleg.
SIX runs, oh, he's finished it off with a six! A six! If only this had come a ball earlier. Things could have been so different. Ah, the hurt of it all if you're the batsman. An extremely full delivery on middle, the batsman sends it soaring into the sky and straight over for a monstrous six.
1 run, tossed up outside off, watches closely before driving out to sweeper cover.
no run, bouncer dug in too short for him to attempt a shot. Looked higher than head-height from the front view, but play on says the umpire.
1 run, Faf got his fingertips to that one, leaping high at mid-off short ball outside off and the batsman goes hard at it with a horizontal bat. Doesn't time it well, doesn't get elevation. Faf was at mid-off and jumped but could only get a finger tip.
FOUR runs, back of a length, angling down leg, and you can't keep bowling that line. the batsman tickles it away nice and fine, and fine leg is once again too fine to be able to stop this.
1 run, on a length on leg stump and Parthiv redirects it to deep square leg.
no run, flighted outside off, nearly a yorker, squeezes under his drive.
1 run, a dragged down slower ball outside off, lack of a pace means he's through his shot and scuttles off the toe end to cover.
nan
1 run, short of a length outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
2 runs, good work at deep square. Tripathi. Full ball on the pads, whipped between deep square and deep midwicket. Tripathi falls into that ball and pushes with his right hand to get that out to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, wide of the crease, holds its line outside off, extra cover is up in the circle. the batsman dashes out of the blocks and hoists it over the infield.
1 run, full and just outside off, mistimed drive to mid-off's right.
no run, legcutter. Pitches off, cuts away marginally to beats the outside edge as he looks to run it to third man.
no run, full toss outside off, but the batsman can't put it away. Drives it off the bat's top-half, and goes only to cover.
1 run, flighted full and wide outside off. the batsman tries to drive away from his body and carves it to cover.
2 runs, wrong'un, full on off stump. Picks that and drives with the turn to sweeper's right.
no run, good length and just outside off, steps out and drives on the rise to extra cover.
1 run, short of a length on middle, shuffles and pulls to deep square.
FOUR runs, short on off again, but Dhawan's quick to pounce on that length. Pulls it along the ground and beats midwicket on its way to the boundary.
no run, beaten and off balance. Not quite in the boxing sense. It's a juicy, straight overpitched ball with a lot of width, but the batsman' feet are cemented and his hands aren't close enough to connect.
1 run, full and wide outside off, but takes the pace off (123.8kph). the batsman wants to drive it towards cover, but he's played it too early. Hits the bat's toe end, and goes over the umpire's head. Lands in no man's land.
FOUR runs, only a touch short now, on off stump or thereabouts, but it's short enough for the batsman, who picks the length early and plays the front-foot pull, wide of mid-on.
no run, bouncer into the body, beaten on the pull.
2 runs, good length and wide outside off, slashed on the up to sweeper's left.
SIX runs, One-handed six from the batsman! Tossed up and spins away, finishes on off, the batsman stretches out, yanks his bottom hand off the bat, still finds enough power and elevation to lift it over the wide long-off boundary.
1 run, short on the pads, helped along to short fine-leg, who makes a tumbling save to his right to restrict the batsman to a single.
no run, flatter, on a length, straighter, pushed back to his right, and Bishnoi is quick enough to deny them a single.
OUT, short, hooked and brilliantly judged by Saini at fine-leg! Jumps, takes it calmly over his head and keeps his balance, ensuring that he remains inside the rope and Mumbai are losing their way here.
1 run, digs it in short, gets it up near the batsman's right collarbone. Rolls his wrists over to pull along the ground to fine leg.
1 run, full, just outside off, pushed to extra cover for one.
2 runs, full toss on the leg stump, lost his length going for the yorker. Flicked off his hips to deep square leg.
no run, he charges a bit after those five dot balls, the bowler is smart enough to land that wide and away from him, another dot.
SIX runs, Jadeja takes it at long-on but it's past the boundary as he does so and he falls over. One-handed grab, his left hand. Superb work, but that wasn't redeemable. Good length at middle, steps out and doesn't make the pitch of that and it's a laboured attempted slog. But there's enough on it.
OUT, bowled 'im! What a follow-up to the previous ball. That one took ages reaching the batsman, this one is past his outside edge before he can bring his bat down fully. Flat, back of a length, spun hard out of the hand and straightening wickedly after angling in from a round-arm release. Tries to make room initially, then tries to bring his bat down straight in a hurry, and ends up playing a long way inside the line.
OUT, get out of here Stokes you beauty! Leaps, flies, stretches I don't know what he does, but he has plucked this to his left with two hands at backward point! Unreal. This cut shot was travelling and he had milliseconds to time the dive, let alone getting his hands around it. Pure reflex. Short ball in the channel and the batsman was cutting from under it as it got big on him. the bowler's pace supported that shot though. Stokes wow. Kept his shape too as he came down to the floor to hold on.
FOUR runs, too short and the batsman moves inside the line to pull this over short fine leg for another boundary. Royals finishing with a flourish here.
FOUR runs, dropped at midwicket. It's hit so very hard. But it's coming straight to de Grandhomme. He has to get up off his feet, stick his hands above his head, and then hope it sticks. (Hint, it doesn't).
1 run, good length outside off, steps out and drives to long-off's left.
no run, another slower one well outside off with the angle, the batsman lets it go and looks at the umpire but it's not called a wide.
no run, short of a length, 127ks, the batsman makes room but is cramped up by this. Hits this back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, put away for four. A low full toss down leg, can't bowl full tosses at this time. Flicked away through backward square leg for four. Easily done.
OUT, at deep square again! Umesh's extended spell has yielded both openers. Short ball at off stump, he gets too far under it for the hook and it sails high. Siraj is calm under it and takes with the reverse cup. Umesh has done everything that was asked of him by his captain. Superb spell.
no run, good length on off, and the batsman backs away before driving it through the cover region. A packed field inside the circle though.
1 run, full outside off, sliced to sweeper's left.
1 run, offbreak, on a good length on off stump, the batsman works it through midwicket.
FOUR runs, blistering hit! He is such a clean striker, especially with the cut shot. And he will have plenty of opportunity to play that on this bouncy pitch. Third man and point may as well be doing the crossword.
2 runs, the bowler attacks the stumps once again with a full, seaming delivery at 144km/h, but the batsman uses the angle to work the ball through the gap at midwicket, hurrying back for the second.
no run, length ball on off stump, tapped to extra cover off the back foot.
SIX runs, Stokes with the one-handed pluck attempt at long-off, but this one has a lot more venom in it. He goes with his right-hand too, but that's a bit past him when he jumps and he can only help it along. Full and wide outside off and he used his reach to drive firmly through the line.
FOUR runs, laces it through the covers. Flowing drive from the batsman and he finds the gap to the left of the fielder up inside the circle. The new ball is a source of runs on this pitch. Especially when the bowler errs full.
no run, a legbreak on off, defended back.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched off the back foot to extra cover.
no run, slight shimmy, yorks himself up, digs this out back to the bowler.
no run, late on the forward defense, gets it high on the bat. Effort delivery from Shardul.
no run, full, straight and fast at 142.9kph, and he defends this.
no run, winds up for an inside-out cover drive. But he mis-hits back to the bowler.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to deep square.
2 runs, quick length ball, the batsman makes room and swings, this goes off the toe end. The mis-hit means they have time to come back for two.
1 run, full and into leg stump, punched to long-on's left.
FOUR runs, that's four. Always four when it beats the fielder. It's short and wide, reads it very carefully and correctly. Goes back and slashes his cut through point.
no run, length outside off, extra bounce and straightens off the seam again, the batsman throws his hands at it and misses.
1 leg bye, a bit late on that, and the leading edge rolls towards point. the batsman was looking to go across and clip it into the legside again, but this was at 138 kph, and he brought his bat down a touch late.
no run, this is a snorter of a bouncer from the bowler! Good evening, Mr the batsman. He's as usual camping back, expecting this on his ribs and somehow sways out of the way. Terrific gather one handed by de Kock.
1 run, fuller, the batsman drives this down to long-off for one.
1 run, slows this one down, offbreak on middle and off, he waits for it to turn and works this to leg for one.
SIX runs, he continues to bowl full to Dhawan on the stumps and Dhawan continues to smash'em! On off and middle this time, tonked over wide long on with what looks like rather ease on this small ground.
1 run, full on off stump, driven to long-off.
SIX runs, down the track and over the top. the bowler gave it some air, the batsman spotted it and was charging down, got to the pitch of the ball and lifted it straight over.
SIX runs, the batsman picks the short boundary and slog-sweeps the bowler over midwicket. Smart batting. A master No. 4 at work. Not sure why bowl the carrom ball and turn it into the shorter side?.
no run, length ball on the pads, tucked away towards short fine leg.
SIX runs, legside fuller ball, the batsman gets down for a sweep and he's timed it alright, but it's ridiculous how that's carried over the backward square leg fence. A flat six.
FOUR runs, short, banged into him, that's tripe from the bowler. Yusuf swivels and helps this pull along to deep fine leg.
FOUR runs, the batsman hares down the track, meets a half-volley outside off and belts it past the head of the bowler. The umpire and the bowler both take evasive action.
FOUR runs, scooped after a long wait, fine of short fine leg. Slower ball at a good length outside off, drops down on a knee into the side and waits and waits before executing this.
1 run, short of a length at leg stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
no run, dabs this gently into the off side, towards short third man.
FOUR runs, makes it look soo easy! Full on off, and the batsman shuffles across to the off side, gets down on one knee, and ramps it over the keeper's left! Mr. 360!.
FOUR runs, length ball but on the pads, glanced fine for back to back fours.
1 run, slower ball, angled in, cramping him up, tucked away to deep backward squareleg for one.
no run, short outside off, under-edge on the cut into point.
2 runs, sliced over cover, on the bounce to Ewin Lewis. Could he have gone for the catch? Looks like Lewis bailed out.
1 run, length, and he goes back to punch this towards deep midwicket.
1 run, good length and slow, on an off stump line. Pushed into the covers with soft hands.
1 run, eased to point when Tripathi dives to his right to stop that.
no run, googly at off stump, gets down to play the sweep and is too early on it. Inside edge ontp pad.
no run, short ball coming in at the corridor. Chops it straight to point.
5 wide, length ball drifting in, landing on middle, and going down leg. the batsman flicks it past the keeper's left this time, and the ball races away for four. Could Prabhsimran have stopped that?.
1 run, yorker and just outside off, jammed down to long-on.
no run, short of length delivery that bends back into middle, punched to midwicket.
no run, short and angling into the body, played back to the bowler.
1 run, length at off stump, drops it pitch side on the off side and they pinch a risky single from right under Mohit's nose.
no run, length and slanted across off. Shuffles to try and tickle one behind square. Can't get it off the pitch.
FOUR runs, fifty. Silken late cut. Short of a length and wide outside off. Waits on it and just chops it to short third's right.
1 run, nudged into the leg side.
no run, backed away to swing this full toss over deep midwicket, but misses and hits his pads. Angled in and would've missed leg.
no run, full on the stumps and clipped to midwicket off the toe end.
2 runs, on a length, into the pads, placed between deep midwicket and deep square for two.
1 leg bye, backs into the leg side and cops this good length ball on his back knee. That'll sting. They'll sneak the leg bye.
1 run, full and outside off, forward and laced down to long-off.
1 run, full toss on middle, drills it to long-off.
2 runs, slower ball, on a length, wide, punched in front of deep cover for two.
1 run, on a length, around off, and he goes back to cut this to deep cover.
SIX runs, over long on! And that's his 26th IPL fifty. Overpitched on middle stump, and he gets his front foot out of the way to thump it over the boundary.
SIX runs, first ball he faces, the batsman shimmies a touch and pulls a short ball for a flat six over square leg.
FOUR runs, uses the pace to play it fine, and KKR are third time lucky! Sodhi was fine enough, but this time the ball flew off the bat, and third man can't cut it off.
FOUR runs, drilled through point. Overpitched and full and just outside off. Gets the front leg in the leg side and carves this behind square on the off side, off the front foot.
no run, length on off stump, blocked on the front foot.
1 run, short of a length, stays low, pulled away to deep square leg for one.
FOUR runs, full outside off and angling across the batsman's body. He goes for a wild heave over cover, but takes the outside edge of his bat. Over the slip fielders and through for a boundary. The extra delivery hurts CSK.
1 wide, slower ball, full and very very wide as the batsman waits for this after settling outside off stump.
1 leg bye, full on middle, appeal for lbw as the batsman is struck on the pad, turned down and they scamper one. It has been reviewed, but slipping way down the leg side, so Hardik's back on strike.
SIX runs, sweeeeet. Pristine. Full and quicker at middle stump. Jumps down and is right by the pitch of it. Clean straight swing.
no run, hit the deck though and you bring in uncertainty. The ball might stop on the batsman. Ishant tries his best with that ploy and keeps the batsman to a block.
1 run, full length, wide of off, he drives elegantly to deep cover-point.
SIX runs, that's out of the ground! Full on middle and the batsman's spotted this early. Down on one knee, and swung over the bowler's head. A full 105 metres and even Shahrukh Khan needs to crane his neck to see that ball.
SIX runs, muscled over deep midwicket. May have challenged the sweeper in Hyderabad, not so in Bangalore. This was headed into the stands right from the moment he hit it.
FOUR runs, short, offers up width, that's not where you bowl at a new batsman, the batsman cuts hard and cuts late through backward point.
no run, quick bouncer, 142ks, the batsman has walked enough at him. the bowler go upstairs, and makes him get out of harm's way.
no run, short of a length on leg stump, pushed to midwicket's left off the back foot.
OUT, caught at point! the bowler screams, he's been vindicated, backing himself to come good against a man who's hit him all over the park, bowling full and just outside off. the batsman tries a calculated slice, hoping he can get it between point and short third man, in which case it would have been a boundary, but only ends up hitting straight at Archer.
1 run, slightly short of a length, punched to deep square leg for one.
1 run, short outside off, he waits on the back foot and drives to deep cover.
1 run, full outside off, leans in and flicks to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, good length on middle, the batsman clears his front leg and skies a loft over the bowler. Six.
1 run, short and just outside off, runs it to third man's right.
1 run, full on off, pushed to long-off.
SIX runs, this is sitting up nicely for Rohit to belt this out of the ground at wide long-on. Third tier. Massive, massive hit. He just hasn't learnt. Keeps bowling length and keeps getting punished.
FOUR runs, tickled past short fine. Superb stuff. He's expecting a short ball. It's also a slower ball though, so he's forced to adjust after leaping to get behind it. Still has the skill to get his hands in front of the body and run it fine.
2 runs, just clears mid-off. Cross-seam ball digs into the surface and stops on him as he looks to drive through the line.
1 run, on a length, the batsman tries to slog, gets a bottom edge and starts running. The ball just about misses the leg stump or he would have been bowled while he was 10 yards down the pitch.
FOUR runs, whipped from outside off, bisects deep midwicket and wide long-on. Magnificent.
1 wide, full and angled down leg, the batsman misses a flick, leg-side wide.
2 runs, slower ball at a length, expertly nudges with soft hands through midwicket and they pick up an easy two. Masterful from the batsman, these last four balls.
FOUR runs, too much movement from the batsman, but still manages to clear mid off. It was slow outside off, and he walked across to the off side before checking his movement. Was in an uncomfortable position, but still manages to lift it over mid off.
2 runs, backs away and cuts the shortish delivery on off stump away behind point. He's finally getting his timing right, and it's because he's holding his shape better.
no run, good length outswinger wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, full toss, just outside off, played to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, full outside off, pushed to long-off.
no run, on the bounce to long-off and they won't run. That is a dangerous length from the bowler and he gets way with it. Length outside off, hammered on the up.
1 run, length, and he goes back and punches this towards extra cover.
1 run, short of a length, 130ks, punched to deep cover for another single. Another excellent over from the bowler.
1 run, yorker outside off, jammed into the off side.
1 run, short of a length outside off, pulled on the bounce to deep square.
no run, back of a length and angling in on middle stump, the batsman inches forward and pushes it back to the bowler.
no run, angles a slower length ball across, the batsman beaten as he swung through early.
no run, 95ks, darted in from wide of the crease, cramps the batsman and pings the thigh pad.
FOUR runs, backs away and slaps this over point. Wanted to go over cover, lost his shape but ended up slicing it up and over. He'll take the runs.
1 run, offbreak, from outside leg, opens the face, gets a single to short third man.
FOUR runs, inside edge is past the keeper. Short of a length and across him. Angled bat from Kishan too as he looks to go square. It comes on slower than he expects. Misses off stump comfortably, and then Buttler's Samson's right hand.
no run, back of a length - the perfect length on this pitch - ducks back in on top of off, punched up to the covers.
no run, pushed down the leg side, but the umpire reckons it's clipped the batsman's thigh and doesn't give a wide. the batsman disagrees. Vehemently.
1 run, floated full on off, gentle dab into the gap between cover and point.
no run, good length and swung in at off stump, punched back at the bowler off the back foot.
1 run, full and straight, driven to long-off for one.
1 wide, sprayed down the leg side, and it's a wide.
1 run, driven nicely down to long-off.
FOUR runs, shuffles and swipes it fine. Expert limited-overs batting. He's played pretty much the only two boundary shots you can get off the bowler' length balls outside off. It's angled in, he uses that to get it fine.
1 run, tossed up, drifted into middle, and turning away from the batsman after pitching. Pushed to long off for one.
2 runs, a typical dreamy the batsman punch. Slower length ball, and yet he times this back-foot cover-drive well enough for two, wide of deep cover.
no run, quick! the batsman's too slow to play the pull. Short on off and angling into the batsman. He tried to repeat that shot, but it's come off the bat's top half and over the bowler's head.
SIX runs, expertly done. Such a good batsman. Anticipated the line and length and just jumped into the off side and got under it. From there, he nails the ramp and it's quickly over the fine boundary.
1 run, wrong'un, Dhawan goes back to punch this to deep cover.
OUT, Kulwant returns and provides RCB with the breakthrough. Back of a length on middle stump, the batsman swings so hard to the leg side that he loses his shape. He collects fresh air. Kulwant hits the top of middle.
1 wide, bangs in a bouncer at 143, too high and called wide.
2 runs, short of length and wide outside off, miscued back foot punch to long-off's right.
SIX runs, short, and he guides this over the slips, and gets it fast enough to go over third man. Top shot, which will do his confidence a world of good.
no run, Rohit spots a little width, but his forcing stroke off the back foot is intercepted at cover.
1 run, on the pads, worked away to deep midwicket for one.
no run, that's a beauty from wide of the crease! Full, swinging in and through the expansive driveattempted by the batsman.
no run, short on middle, kicks up, jumps off the ground and shovels it to midwicket.
OUT, takes out leg stump! Oh he's burst through MS the batsman's defences after softening him up the last two balls. Proper dominance, those last three balls. This is quick, and it's sliding into the batsman who is hurriedly skipping into the leg side to try and make room and stab this through square leg off the back foot. Plays all over it and the stump is well and truly tonked. Bowled by the bowler C for the second time this season.
OUT, purple cap for the bowler! Full outside off, and spinning further away. Sarfraz came dancing down the wicket and attempts a big slog, but he's nowhere near the ball, and Tare does the rest.
FOUR runs, pulled, but it's in the air and not out of the middle. Fortunately for Rohit, the ball flies into space and goes safely to ground, bouncing out to deep midwicket where Nabi sets after it and dives near the boundary's edge, but touches the marker with his foot as he's hauling the ball back in to concede four more.
no run, beaten as he swishes inside the line of this good length ball. That was going across him with the angle outside off.
no run, doesn't read the googly again, this one starts from within the stumps and hits him on the pad. Going down leg, though.
1 run, good length and in at middle, punched to long-on off the back foot.
no run, short and sharp, and though it's down the leg side, it's tight enough to the body to get away with it. More aggression in that delivery.
1 run, tosses this up around off and middle, and the batsman punches this down to long off.
SIX runs, and there the game plan changes. Now they will go both ends. Slower legcutter, the batsman waits on it, and pulls this short-of-a-length delivery nonchalantly over midwicket.
no run, shortish, cramping him on leg stump. Pant, even as he tries to make room, ends up pushing to cover.
no run, brave bowling. Really slow in the air, an offbreak, middle and leg, beats the the batsman slog. Valuable dot.
1 run, back of length on middle and leg, works this to square leg.
no run, short of a length on leg stump and pulled straight to midwicket.
1 wide, bouncer, it is a good ball, but only just down leg. I wouldn't have called it a wide, but the umpire does.
SIX runs, full-toss, angling away outside off, the batsman clears his front leg, then bends his knee, and sends it clattering over extra cover for a six. First six of the chase in the last over.
no run, skidding in to beat the inside edge and hit the thigh.
1 wide, full and very very wide outside off. No chance he'll hit that.
1 run, floats this full on off, worked across the line towards deep midwicket.
no run, back of a length and spins away, chopped to backward point.
no run, a bit of confusion in the middle, length ball around off, turns it towards backward square leg and ambles towards the other end, Rayudu hasn't moved at all, Chahal charges towards the ball but fails to pick it up and by the time AB does tidying up, the batsman was back.
no run, cutter, on the back foot, tapped to point, no run on offer there. Cunning variety in this over.
no run, good length and in at middle, pushed to midwicket off the back foot.
no run, flat, and wide, and this time he looks for the cut, but misses out on contact.
1 run, short ball just outside off. Too late on the pull, ends up slicing it to long-on.
1 run, very full on off - near yorker, inside-edged behind square on the leg side.
1 run, good length and slanted in at off stump. Defended to point's right.
1 run, width this time, and cracked hard out to point.
1 run, full just outside off, and he comes down the wicket, but bunts it to long on.
OUT, oh a flying Karthik spotted. the batsman gets a slot ball, goes for the bog drive, gets a think edge, Karthik is wrong-footed and has to dive to his left. He goes full-length, and the ball sticks in the left webbing. And he does well to bring the right hand around as his elbow hits the ground.
FOUR runs, slices this length ball between cover point and short third man. Wonderfully done. Steps out and then opened the bat face slightly to pick the gap.
FOUR runs, short of a length wide outside off, waits on it and spanks it over mid-on, flat-batted over Russell.
1 wide, sprays it down the leg side and gets past the attempted glance.
FOUR runs, that is dew for you. Slider, outside off, and he has mistimed this straight back, and it keeps sliding on. No signs of slowing down at all, and beats long-off.
no run, full and straight, 126 kph. Another push to mid-on. the batsman is now 0 off 8.
no run, googly at leg stump, reaches out and defends on the front foot.
1 wide, legbreak pitching outside leg and turning further away. Guess what that's called  That's right. Bowler rattled.
1 run, nicely timed but there is a man on the cover boundary. Full toss outside off, punched.
1 run, excellent delivery to start off, a yorker that's dug out to long-on.
OUT, the bowler hits the seam, the batsman is struck on the pad, and the umpire upholds a confident appeal. There's a short discussion, and the batsmen opt to review it. The ball hits the batsman in line, just above the knee roll, and the ball tracker suggests that it would go on to hit the stumps directly. Sunrisers burn a review, and lose another opener!.
1 run, and nearly a third. Leading edge first ball, but the third man is back and square, which means the point is in front of square. And this flies through backward point.
1 run, eased down to long-on, calm as you like.
1 run, overpitched outside off, driven along the ground to sweeper cover to bring up his fifty. He needed to bring it this deep after his start, and he has done exactly that.
SIX runs, too much power, too much muscle. Slower length ball way outside off, the batsman picked it early, walked across, held his shape and belted this over wide long-on.
FOUR runs, good length just outside off, but the batsman plays a delicate shot this time! Stands tall and waits for the delivery to come to him. Opens the bat's face and ramps it over the keeper thereafter.
no run, length, and he angles it across the batsman, who defends.
no run, well bowled, a little bit of inward drift and less turn than expected as the batsman presses forward to defend. Past the inside edge and hits the pad, but it's probably missing leg stump.
no run, googly on middle, hint of turn away, drilled straight to cover.
2 runs, full and wide, 131ks, driven off the toe end in front of deep cover.
FOUR runs, looking for swing, he bowls yet another half-volley. He is looking to attack, and his mid-on is wide. So al the batsman needs to punish this error in length is to push-drive this fairly straight and the mid-on is beaten again.
no run, the batsman looks to pull this from outside off, but the ball stays low to squeeze under his bat. Still well above the wicket.
1 run, good length on off, and angling into the batsman. Slogs it towards the leg side, but men there in the deep.
no run, full on middle, solidly pushed to mid-on.
no run, on a length, legcutter, punched to extra cover. Can't place it.
3 runs, overthrows at deep midwicket after an easy run in the covers. Length outside off, pushed into the covers. Hetmyer backing up just trundles across and doesn't put in the dive. Long-on is forced to clean up to his right. Iyer and Pant both give him a scolding.
1 run, length but way down the leg side, the batsman though stays leg side of the ball and chips it towards covers inside out.
1 run, length on the pads, tucked away to deep midwicket for one.
no run, length ball, grips on the surface, and takes the leading edge as he looks to play this to the onside. No run for this.
no run, full and slow, flicks early and lobs it slightly towards midwicket.
no run, back of a length outside off, and seaming slightly away after pitching. the batsman tries to pull again, but that shot's been eluding him all evening. Goes over his bat and through to QDK.
no run, good length offbreak this time, at middle stump. Pushed into midwicket.
no run, Stokes makes a full-length diving save at point. This is cut hard, but Stokes is alert and acrobatic.
SIX runs, this is terrific! Inside-out over long off. Not too full but he lofted it through the line. Sunrisers raise the half-century stand. Super expensive over and we still have two deliveries. This is the batsman unleashed.
no run, short of a length, hit hard, Stojnis fields to his left in the follow-through. Both the batsmen think there is an easy single on, and in the end have to rush back to their respective creases.
2 runs, full outside off, slower, the batsman early into the drive, pushes it aerially through the covers, but away from the deep fielder and they complete two.
1 run, slower ball outside off, pushed to deep cover.
1 run, flatter on the stumps once more, backs away and late-cuts it towards short third man.
SIX runs, that's smashed! 116 kph offcutter on middle and leg. Kishan comes charging and swipes a heave into the stands over long-on. The bat turned in his hands, but still plenty of power.
no run, reached out and then drives this to cover.
no run, on leg stump, turned to short fine leg.
no run, back of a length, delivers from extremely close to the stumps and cuts down any angle the batsman can work with by bowling a tight off-stump line. A bit of inward movement too, clipped to midwicket.
1 run, good length outside off, and lifted over the bowler's head. Tried to swing through that arc, but comes off the bat's toe end.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to sweeper cover on the rise.
1 run, slower legcutter, Singh plays the late-cut, but the man at point gets a hand to it with a dive.
1 leg bye, length ball on middle, and glanced off his hips to short fine leg.
no run, full on off, the batsman has shuffled across so far, like he usually does in white-ball cricket. Pushed to mid-on.
no run, stays round the wicket, nicely bowled, slides across the batsman and takes the outside edge towards short third man.
1 run, gets inside the line this time and pulls it from the ribs to fine leg.
FOUR runs, carves the short ball outside off behind point and keeps it well to the right of third man to find a well contrived boundary.
SIX runs, good length on middle, and the batsman's big back lift comes to the party. Hits through the ball's line, and sent over the long on boundary.
2 runs, dropped. At long-off by Padikkal, running in. Short and wide outside off, the batsman gets too far leg side and has a swish from under it. Padikkal makes the ground bit loses balance right at the end and cops that on the thigh.
OUT, catch or a bump ball?. It is a near yorker steered straight to short third man. We go to the third man. The soft signal is out. It bounces short of the bat, and goes off the toe end for a clean catch to short third man. A fair effort by the batsman, who did his usual Powerplay slogging before selflessly hitting out post PP. Not his fault that Morgan and Russell got out at the other end.
1 wide, back of a length at 140ks but he slides it down the leg side for wide.
1 run, full on middle, backs away and drills it along the ground to long-on.
2 runs, full on off, and the batsman drives with the bat's open face. Not hit well, but that's what earns them the second run.
SIX runs, knuckle ball on off, but the batsman's spotted the length early. Big stride forward and muscled over the bowler's head. Lands beyond the sightscreen. Full use of the free hit!.
no run, another dot ball, floated up around off and he taps it back to the bowler off the front foot.
FOUR runs, fine and four. Another poor delivery, strays down leg, just nudged down to the fine leg boundary. Vital runs these.
1 run, back of a length, not much turn outside off, the batsman punches through mid-off without feet.
no run, cuts the shortish delivery outside off from around the wicket to point.
no run, really full and outside off, opens the face and squeezes it to backward point.
1 run, slower length ball on off, worked across to square leg.
1 run, full toss, whips powerfully to long-on and Jadeja runs to his left and makes a brilliant stop sliding across.
no run, back of a length close to off stump, opens his bat face to dab to backward point.
FOUR runs, and finally gets a short ball that is not shoulder high, and breaks the shackles with a pull into the smaller part of the ground. He has half-volleyed the boundary skirting at deep square leg.
1 run, short of a length, following him, tucked away off the hip.
SIX runs, pumps it high over long-on! Got right under that! All elevation. Overpitched on middle stump, gets the front leg out of the way and the back leg collapses a little to get flex in the knee. This means a big, big swinging arc from underneath the ball. It dips inwards just a touch and that adds to the batsman's flourish because this goes off the inside part of the bat. Well over the fielder.
1 run, short and just outside off, chopped to backward point.
1 wide, looks to belt this full delivery on the leg side behind square but the ball misses the pad, swings further down.
1 run, full on the pads, clipped away to deep squareleg for one.
no run, down the wicket, the bowler spears in a full and fast delivery at 146ks to cramp him up. He gets an inside edge into the pads.
1 run, driven through the line to sweeper cover.
2 runs, short of a length, sits up, punched wide of long-on for two.
OUT, the bowler dangles another wide legbreak. the batsman runs down the track, but the ball dips, and breaks away sharply. the batsman swings and misses. De Kock swipes the bails off in a flash.
OUT, another full toss, surely a no-ball? They've asked for the ball back. Straight to long-on. Replays suggest this was just below the waist. Hardik has to go but he's done his job.
no run, slower one outside off, the batsman was beaten by the lack of pace, looks to open the face of the bat in the end and misses.
1 run, worked with the spin towards deep midwicket. This was a googly.
1 run, tossed on middle, no turn again, driven with the wrists to wide long-on.
no run, driven firmly but straight to cover.
(no ball), now it's the bowler's turn to get a bit of swing in the air and a lot of bounce off the wicket. Short outside off, and the bounce beats the batsman's slash. And he's overstepped too.
1 run, short and outside off, rolls the wrists as he cuts to sweeper cover.
no run, full toss, but the batsman can't connect. It goes over the top of off stump and through to Dhoni on the bounce.
no run, yorker just outside off, jammed into the off side.
FOUR runs, beats deep midwicket's slide. Short of a length slower ball, steps out and pulls between long-on, Rinku, and deep midwicket, Cummins. They're converging on that and Cummins almost pulls out of the slide at the end.
to Pant, no run, on a length, 138ks, outside off, opens the face to point.
no run, length ball on the stumps, defended from the back foot.
1 run, full, on off, hit wide of long-on, but Pandey is quick and keeps them to one.
no run, back of length around off and angling away, the batsman stays back and flicks it towards short midwicket.
1 run, dangled up outside off, not much turn, driven through the line to cover.
1 run, full outside leg stump once again. Successfully pre-empts the batsman' movement to the leg side. Can only squeeze the yorker away to mid on.
no run, bouncer on middle, 138ks, the batsman shapes for the ramp but pulls out at the last moment.
no run, good length at middle stump, cramped on the punch. It's back down the pitch.
no run, slightly fuller, slightly straighter, defended back to him.
no run, good length on off stump, pushed to extra cover.
no run, short of a length and wide outside off, cut to backward point.
FOUR runs, carved away through backward point. Full and flat, and quick outside off. the batsman stays inside the line and scythes the ball in the air and in the gap.
FOUR runs, the power of his wrists and forearm, wow! This is a length ball sitting up to be hit outside off and the batsman whips this from outside off, beats wide long-on. Delightful timing.
FOUR runs, full ball, on the pads, and he has whipped this towards midwicket. A bit of a left-handed helicopter from the batsman.
no run, length on middle stump, flicked straight to square leg.
FOUR runs, drilled past the bowler's ankles. He walks into the leg side. the bowler follows him with an attempted yorker. the batsman meets it on the full though and punches firmly.
2 runs, full on leg stump, flicked aerially to deep midwicket.
2 runs, stands tall and turns this from length towards the man coming in from long on, excellent running.
1 run, good length outside off, deep in the crease as he taps this to long-off.
no run, starts with a bouncer to the batsman and he lets it go outside off.
1 run, full on middle stump, whipped to deep square.
no run, full on middle, defended back to the bowler.
OUT, won't survive this time! Length at off stump, looks to sweep, gets a top edge and Rana settles under it from short extra. A few steps to his left and holds on. And a big noise from the crowd - as if it's KKR's home ground.
1 run, on a length, angling in, runs off the inside half of the bat for one.
FOUR runs, slower ball on middle, rocks back to pull, gets it over midwicket and into the boundary.
1 run, no fast bowlers' pact here. Short, into the ribs, hits the handle of the bat.
no run, fires a yorker ust inside the tramline, left alone.
SIX runs, I mentioned the big boundaries in Abu Dhabi last over, but he says they are not big enough for him. Sees the short ball early, and it is just waist high. Pulls this way abover deep midwicket.
1 wide, full but far too wide outside off, pressure getting to the bowler.
1 run, good length at the stumps, poked through midwicket.
1 run, fired full on the pads, worked down to long on.
FOUR runs, glanced fine! Brilliant hands. It was a slower ball, full and straight and he waited and just tickled it fine. It beat the man on the rope.
1 run, nice dip on this, not in the swinging arc, so he pushes it down to long-on.
1 run, the batsman is looking to ramp this, the ball turns out to be short, he still goes on with the shot, and ends up cue-ending to deep square leg for one.
2 runs, low-arm slider, clipped away through backward square leg.
no run, full and wide outside off. But a well-aimed yorker. the batsman tries to ramp it past short third man, but misses. DK collects and that's well done by the bowler.
SIX runs, insult to injury! Half-tracker on off, turning into the batsman, and he swivels to pull this over cow corner. Crowd goes ballistic.
1 wide, bouncer, down the leg side, and the batsman looks to go over fine leg. Beaten. Wide.
OUT, Bairstow runs at the stumps and finishes the run-out. Beaten on the hook, is Dube. Just wanders half-heartedly for the run. Philippe not interested. Bairstow completes the job.
no run, full and straight, hit to extra cover.
no run, flatter around middle this time, the batsman goes back and defends.
FOUR runs, full on the pads, the bowler followed the batsman as he saw him backing away but he adjusted to the change in line and picked it up to deep squareleg's right, timing it beautifully.
1 run, eased down the ground, and he'll keep the strike for what could be the last over.
1 run, back of a length and angling away outside off, the batsman uses the angle and angles it down to third man.
1 run, on the fifth stump line, gets down low to square drive it to deep point.
2 runs, full on middle, comes forward, turns the face and works it to deep midwicket's right and they turn for the second and complete it comfortably.
1 run, down the ground again, wanted to go aerial, but doesn't get hold of it fully. Long-off collects on the bounce.
1 run, goes for the reverse sweep, full at off stump, can't beat short third man.
no run, gets this to bounce a bit more off a length, but the batsman has gone deep in his crease so he's able to pat it down from waist high.
1 run, short on off stump, pulled high in the air, and down the throat of deep square leg, moving to his right. No wicket, of course.
1 leg bye, googly at a length on leg stump, looks to flick, cops it on the thigh guard.
1 run, short of a length and into the corridor. Chopped towards the keeper off the under-edge.
1 run, short and wide outside off, slashed to third man for a run.
1 run, good length at leg stump, watchfully pushed into the midwicket region.
FOUR runs, shot!. Great timing from the batsman, just punches this length ball between cover and point and it finds the boundary.
1 run, short on off, and the batsman shuffles across to the off side. The ball's going down the leg side, but he helps it to short fine leg for a single.
no run, gets right to the pitch of the ball as he defends this back to the bowler.
2 runs, back of a length on off stump, the batsman tucks it smartly into the vacant midwicket area. the bowler gives chase, with the fielder on the boundary, and they scamper two more. From this end, the leg-side boundary is quite long, so the batsman played the field cleverly.
1 run, short of a length, straight, tucked away to deep midwicket.
2 runs, good length outside off, and despite the ball staying low, the batsman manages to cut off the back foot to deep point. The throw from the deep is awry, but there was someone backing up.
1 run, full and across him, looks to caress through the covers on the front foot, gets an inside edge through square leg.
no run, shortish and wide outside off, the batsman's feet aren't moving much. The ball goes past.
SIX runs, flat and short on middle, the batsman rocks back and lifts it straight down the ground, the long-on briefly thinks he is in with a chance but there's too much power behind the stroke for the fielder to even keep it in play.
1 run, slower ball, short and wide, he reaches and dabs this to point and takes a tight one.
1 run, short of a length and into leg stump. Nudged to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, back of a length, wide outside off, and the batsman flat-bats a shot over the bowler' head. Gowtham, committed in the deep, sprints across the long-off fence and intercepts.
2 runs, length at middle stump, punched off the back foot to deep midwicket.
no run, full and outside off, he bangs it back down the ground and the bowler is in the way.
OUT, length outside off, driven on the up to point. A mix-up and a direct hit.  the batsman was stumbling into the other end and he's short! Batsmen stranded in the middle of the pitch. Watson picks up, takes his time, hits the stumps at the non-striker's end on the bounce and that is the end of the batsman.
no run, good length on off stump, defended off the front foot.
SIX runs, superb shot! Six more. Mumbai's spinners are being mauled. the batsman runs down, gets close to the pitch and lofts the ball cleanly and elegantly over long-on.
1 run, hits this full toss down to long on to get off the mark.
no run, good length at off stump, quickly forward to defend down the pitch.
1 run, quick length ball, into the pads, worked away for a single.
FOUR runs, slower ball, short of a length, no room, but someoiw the batsman manages to make room to cut this in front of square, and place it between extra cover and cover.
1 run, slower ball, full on off. He watches carefully and pushes it off the front foot to mid off. Nice, early call for one.
no run, swinging past the pads, we'll have that one again.
1 run, advances down the ground and flicks this flatter delivery through midwicket.
3 runs, dropped at backward point! Chahal running backwards barely gets a finger on that. And they're back for the third which means the batsman keeps strike. the bowler slows it down, goes good length legbreak outside off. the batsman looks for the slog again and the leading edge floats over Chahal's head and his lunge to the right won't get him to it.
1 run, Sran finds some seam movement across the batsman, who hops to fetch the ball softly into space on the leg side, keeping the strike.
1 run, backs away to go over cover but is cramped for room, bunts this back down the pitch.
FOUR runs, another mis-hit but this one is safely between deep square and deep midwicket. Length ball coming in at leg stump. Backs away and swipes hard at this. It comes off the low part of the bat and the inside half.
SIX runs, the bottom-handed drill is sent soaring into the stands at long-on. Too full from the bowler, just a little skip down the pitch from the batsman as he tees off in style. So close he got to the pitch that he negated the turn superbly.
no run, turns this gently with the spin to square leg.
1 run, full outside off, chopped to sweeper cover.
1 run, short and up at the hips. Gets on his toes and deflects it past short fine off the thigh guard.
1 run, slower and fuller outside off, squeezed to deep cover.
1 run, pushed to deep cover for one as he gets too full.
OUT, looooovely Kane! He runs to his right from extra cover, and this is a hiiiiiiiigh ball. For the longest time it looks like it will evade him, but he tracks it down somewhere near mid-off, puts in the dive and takes it almost easily. Gets a kiss on his cap for that trouble from Khaleel. the batsman's innings ends looking for a big shot , over cover, he doesn't time properly. Piled the pressure on himself. Couldn't claw out of it.
no run, cuts back in sharply, the batsman played for the legbreak. Somehow managed to get some bat.
1 run, backs away, and  carves it over point. the bowler saw him move, and therefore followed him. Good cricket all around.
2 runs, down the wicket, Sharma fires this it into the pads seam-up at 105ks, he clips this square of short fine leg, but Curran makes a diving save at the boundary to keep them to two.
FOUR runs, ramp again! Length ball pushed across him again. Just a tad shorter than the one he reverse ramped, so he can still fall over into the off side and get this into the leg side. Does exactly that and gets it between keeper and short fine.
1 run, chance missed! A direct hit at the stiker's end from Prithvi and Watson would've been running back to the dugout. Akram-esque late inswing, he somehow manages to tuck this to short midwicket.
2 runs, fuller and wide of off, he square drives through point and pushes for two and takes on the throw from Rutherford.
1 run, on a length, no room, he opens the face to hit to deep point for one.
no run, sharper lift, on the back foot, tucked to the leg side.
1 run, good length at middle stump, punched to cover's right. A fumble as he lunges low.
no run, appeal for both lbw and bat-pad it seems. Offcutter, beats the batsman, hits him high on the pad and lobs back to the bowler. Not out on both counts as this is headed down and there is no edge.
2 runs, low full toss, the batsman makes room and drives it back at the bowler, who sticks his left foot out and the deflection towards midwicket allows them a second.
1 run, there's a hint of inside edge to this forward push, but the ball rolls into space again for another single.
no run, slower offcutter outside off, the batsman hangs his bat out and is beaten on the outside edge yet again.
1 run, short and towards the batsman's waist, works it away easily or one more.
1 run, good length and into leg stump, looks to drive on the up, gets it to long-on off the toe-end.
1 run, digs the slower ball in at a length, angled across off stump. Looks to lace it through the covers but that pings off the inside half and ends up long-on.
2 runs, the batsman goes over that mid-off, but this is a slower ball, and he hasn't got all of it. Just the couple.
FOUR runs, four more. Short again, and it's only angling in to about off stump, but Parthiv takes a big step across to use the pace and angle and help it away fine. Fine leg is inside the circle and has no chance of cutting it off.
1 run, good length and turning away outside off. Gets deep in the crease and punches to long-on.
FOUR runs, thick outside edge that beats third man. Shaped to play a square drive, genuine edge but no slip in place. Frustration for Delhi.
FOUR runs, delightful wrist work. There's point, short third man. It's short, so the batsman adjusts slightly to pick the gap between the two. Superbly done. Cut away in style, didn't bother keeping this down because he knew he was hitting this in the gap.
1 run, makes him reach - an instinctive change in line as he sees the batsman backing away - and produces a miscued cut to third man.
no run, wonderfully flighted outside off by the bowler, the ball arriving at 75km/h as Faf taps to point.
1 run, stays back and nudges the flatter ball on leg stump through midwicket.
no run, short and just outside off, cut hard off the back foot but straight to backward point.
1 run, good length on off, and the batsman tries to work it on the leg side. Takes the leading edge towards cover instead.
1 run, wrong'un, on a length, into the pads, pushed wide of mid-on for one.
2 runs, full on off, and he tries to use his feet again. Slices an uppish drive over cover for a single.
1 run, good length outside off, uses the turn to flick into the leg side.
no run, quicker one on middle, Rohit late to bring his bat down, inside edges it to short fine leg.
1 run, really full on off, the batsman can't get under it, forced to long-on.
no run, edged? No says the umpire. KKR won't review. Short of a good length at middle stump straightening on him as he looks to flick. There was a sound as this was near the batsman. Do KKR think it was pad? Was a bit more woody in my opinion .
no run, fired in flat at middle stump, a little fuller. Stays back because of the trajectory and clips to midwicket.
FOUR runs, slashed between cover point and short cover. They packed the infield but he finds a way. Short of a good length outside off, weight onto the front foot and slapped on the rise.
1 run, short of a length, slow, pushed wide of midwicket for one.
FOUR runs, skilfully played short outside off and the batsman ramps this over slip and into the boundary. Stayed very still and watched the ball onto the bat all the way.
OUT, he's chipped this back to Shreyas, who leaps high to take an excellent return catch. The double-strike returns to stun RCB, the blue flags are out. The googly has done the trick. He's a short man, but timed his jump superbly.
OUT, got him! The new ball is talking, the new ball as got CSK's best batsman of the season! Mohit hits a length just outside off, the batsman jabs at it and gets an edge through to Rahul.
SIX runs, fetches the slog from outside off, clears Tye at deep square leg. That's a very short boundary.
2 runs, full toss on leg stump. Backs away and looks to slog it out the city. Gets it into the leg side off the high part of the bat.
1 run, edged and dropped by Kishan to his right. Sharp chance. the batsman makes room again, this is much fuller and swerving away. Draws a healthy outside edge, but Kishan can't cling on.
FOUR runs, full on off, and he goes down on one knee to sweep. Played behind square, and the diving Negi cannot stop the boundary. Hundred for Delhi.
FOUR runs, whipped to the long leg boundary. Full and into the pads, waits on it and just gets enough on the thick inside edge to get this between the fiedlers.
FOUR runs, good shot, though not the best ball. Too short and Surya makes room to cut it powerfully past point.
2 runs, short ball now and the batsman pulls it towards long-off where a misfield helps him come back for the second.
FOUR runs, thumps this short delivery to the midwicket fence. Too short, Dhawan picked the length and pulled it in front of square.
no run, swing and a miss. Slower length ball outside off, beaten.
1 run, cutter at a length outside off, steps out and punches to sweeper cover.
no run, length on off, pushed to cover-point.
1 run, googly, short of a good length outside off. Opens the face and chops to short third's right.
SIX runs, bang. Over the roof behind midwicket. the bowler bowls on-pace short ball. the batsman clears the front leg, and smacks this over midwicket, and onto the road somewhere.
no run, on a length, swinging back in towards off, punched to mid-off.
1 run, length ball around off, pushes at it from the front foot, a thick outside edge towards third man.
1 leg bye, a slower ball on middle and leg, the batsman stays low and aims to help it along over fine leg, but can't make contact. Struck on the body. One body bye.
no run, length delivery this time at 135kmh, it doesn't bounce much and the batsman slogs but misses again.
no run, short and into the body. Jumps into the leg side to try and cut, but that's past him quickly.
1 run, full inswinger, Parthiv wafts at the ball with no feet and inside-edges it to square leg.
no run, fuller on the pads, looks to flick once more and misses, going down again.
2 runs, short, and he swings this away off the backfoot towards long leg. Roll of the wrists to keep the ball down.
1 run, length, and he flicks this away towards deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, short of length outside off, goes for the pull but gets an inside edge past the stumps, four to fine leg and that's 8000 runs for him in T20s.
1 wide, flirts with the wide line. Saw the batsman backing away and bowled this wide. Easy call for Nitin Menon.
no run, length, outside off, and he defends.
no run, good length on middle stump, and spinning across the batsman. Defended off the back foot to the bowler. Kings XI need 9 off 18 balls.
OUT, Oh, the batsman! What have you done? Why would you want to reverse sweep the opposition's best bowler who can turn it a mile? Played too early, the ball drifted into middle and leg and flattened the leg stump.
1 run, length ball, outside leg stump and turning into middle. the batsman mistimes a slog-pull to Gayle at square leg.
FOUR runs, neatly done. Length ball pushed through outside off, gets a nice stride out and opens the face to drive this to mid-off's left.
1 run, good length and just outside off, driven on the rise to sweeper cover.
1 run, length ball on middle stump, drops it into the covers with soft hands to pinch the single.
1 leg bye, beaten in the flight as the batsman jumps out of the crease. Big appeal for lbw but he is too far down the wicket. Another slider, and seems to have hit him inside the line. Not sure how far down the batsman is, though, vis-a-vis DRS. They don't go upstairs anyway.
no run, ANOTHER BOUNCER! Just under the shoulder, deems the square leg umpire. It's another short delivery that hurries the batsman through the shot. Beaten.
no run, slower ball? It does move away from him after angling in. So might have been a slower legcutter. Beats Rohit's loft outside off, and falls in short of Karthik.
FOUR runs, pitches it up and watches it disappear. A simple front-foot stride and a full flow of the bat. #Magic.
FOUR runs, the reverse sweep over short third man. Picked the wrong'un so he was hitting this with the spin. Very clever.
SIX runs, through the hands of Rahane at deep midwicket. Down the wicket, cramped on the full toss, but still goes ahead with it. Rahane is at the edge of the boundary, he leaps up, but gets only a fleeting touch on the ball.
FOUR runs, whack. First runs for the batsman in IPL 2020. And it is a trademark punch past the bowlers. Steps out at this outswinger to cut out the angle and pumps it on the rise between the bowler and mid-on.
SIX runs, length ball, and he skips down and bunts this over midwicket. That's his sixth six, to go with 12 fours.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, saved by an inside-edge that flies past Pant, who went the wrong way. This was a very thin one. the batsman is beaten for pace as he shapes to pull from outside off. Didn't miss the off stump by much.
FOUR runs, misfield at third man. Length ball seaming away again, casual drive out at that and thick edge. Rabada slides to his left but has over done it. Hits his trailing leg before rolling into the boundary.
no run, slower ball, outside off, and he cuts it but straight to point.
no run, beaten on the attempted ramp. Low full toss in the corridor. He predicted the length alright, but the line doesn't allow him to get bat on that because it's headed straight for him as he shuffles.
SIX runs, tossed up, and he drills this straight back over the bowler, and way over long off. What a welcome for the leggie!.
2 runs, short and just outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
SIX runs, the batsman now ventures down the track, takes a full-toss from outside off and pumps a six over long-off.
3 runs, lofted over mid-off but not quite with the same timing this time. More signs that it's sticky. Good length outside off, this time it comes off the high-ish part of the bat as he gets on the front foot and lofts deliberately. Rabada gives chase and swins towards the boundary to pull this back in. they're checking if his right elbow has made contact with the padding before the ball's out of his palm. It's very close, a matter of frames. It goes in Rabada's favour.
no run, short of a length, around off, punched away straight to extra cover.
no run, short of a length, 149ks, not much room. the batsman looks to steer it, but is beaten by both pace and bounce of this.
no run, beauty! Full on off, and zips straight through. Tries to defend, but the ball sneaks past his outside edge.
2 runs, full and into leg stump, miscued slog to long-on's left.
(no ball), oh that's hit him straight on the throat it looks like. I hope not. Looks like just under the throat, collarbone region. A beamer as he walks into the off side for the ramp. He's on his feet now. Whew, that looked scary. A ball in the mid-140s.
no run, starts with an outswinger, 135ks, on a length, just outside off. Left alone.
1 run, slower ball, full on leg stump. Tapped with soft hands towards the vacant mid-wicket region. They scamper across for the run.
FOUR runs, fullish on middle and leg, now he clears mid-on with a simple, clean swing.
1 run, a shortish delivery outside off, 122 kph, slapped to long-off.
no run, short and just outside off, steps out and makes too much room. Beaten on the cut.
1 run, short of a length, gives him the width, punched wide of point for one.
1 run, short of a length middle stump ball, pulled to deep square off the under-edge.
no run, beaten. Googly, full and wide outside off. Looks to go over cover and can't connect.
1 run, full on off, almost a yorker, the batsman can't slog it away, gets a thick inside edge down to long-on.
1 run, taken at extra cover. Short outside off, on the back foot again to try and flat-bat that. Scooped feebly into the off side.
no run, full outside off, gets a stride across and drives it to point.
1 run, length ball on off, punched down to long-on.
2 runs, uppish but wide of cover, down to the sweeper. They took a chance with the second and made it because Iyer's throw was wayward.
no run, oooh now past the left-hander's outside edge. Length ball in the channel and the batsman is feeling for it.
SIX runs, misses his length and Hardik picks it up with a wristy flick over deep midwicket.
SIX runs, the batsman is toying with them. Short of a length, straight, and he rocks back to pull him for a flat six over midwicket. Picking on the short boundary.
2 runs, full and attacking the stumps, worked away through midwicket off the back foot.
2 runs, slower ball, the batsman early into the slog, still doesn't get his first boundary. Placed wide of long-on for two, though.
SIX runs, just over a leaping Jadeja at long-on. the batsman comes down the track and hoicks this one after getting right to the pitch.
no run, fullish on the stumps, flicked to short midwicket.
1 run, full dipping legbreak wide outside off, reaches a long way out and flicks uppishly to deep midwicket.
1 run, a low full toss on middle and leg, drilled to long-on for one.
1 run, slow legbreak outside off, waits on it and punches to the off-side sweeper.
OUT, but maybe it is now. The ball was a similar one, so the shot was on again, but the batsman just didn't get the connection he was looking for. He still got enough on it to make the catch a difficult one - Kohli had to time his leap, right next to the boundary at long on, just right, but he does so and holds the catch cleanly.
1 run, short of a length and flatter this time. Into leg stump, punched to long-on's right.
SIX runs, that's tripe from Thampi. 97 kph, a very very very very slow delivery outside off. CdG says I can play that, slapped over cover for six. Huuge.
no run, full ball, and the batsman digs it out, but cannot beat M Ashwin at point.
1 run, good length outside off, but spins away from the batsman. Worked towards the on side and played down the ground.
1 run, full, on the toes, driven to long-on for one.
no run, short of a length in the corridor, too full for the pull. It trickles into midwicket.
OUT, big appeal, and given! They consider reviewing, but Iyer asks the batsman to walk! Good decision. Length ball on middle, and the batsman shuffled across - exposing all three stumps - to ramp a shot over the leg side. He misses, and ball hits his back leg. Easy decision for umpire S Ravi.
1 run, on a length, wicket to wicket, pushed to mid-on for one.
no run, length ball at off stump, pushes it to point off the front foot.
FOUR runs, super, super Sanju! Slower ball, tossed up full outside off. He picks it, waits on it, and drills it over extra cover. What hands!.
2 runs, flighted ball drops onto a lovely length on middle stump. Closes his bat face early while looking to flick, and the leading edge rolls away into the backward point region. Misfield from the fielder moving to his left allows the batsman to come back for a second.
1 run, length-ball legbreak, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, short of a length and just outside off, punched to extra cover off the back foot.
no run, slashes and misses. Length ball angled across him and he goes horizontal bat at this.
no run, short of a length on off stump, pushed back to the bowler from the crease.
1 run, fuller around off, stays in the crease and works it towards long-on.
1 wide, slider, wide down the leg side.
FOUR runs, the best of the lot. Slower ball, picked early, in his slot, and drilled right back over his head.
1 run, drifting into middle and leg, tucked with the angle to deep square. End of a neat, little spell from Washington.
1 wide, bouncer. Flies over the head. As it has been all evening. Buttler leaps and catches with his right hand.
no run, length ball, punched back to the bowler.
1 run, length outside off, opens the face and runs it to short third.
no run, full and dipping away from him outside off, has a big swing and can't connect.
1 run, gets well forward and dabs this full delivery into the gap at cover.
no run, oh my word how has that missed Shaping away from him and in fact it shaved the stump. At 141 kph, but the bails stay nailed on. Faf's lucky day. He was square up and missed it, should have been bowled, but he's still there. Umesh has a wry smile.
2 runs, drilled back down the ground, long-off comes around to cut that off. Shows the full face of the bat to hit this back, wow it just flew off the blade.
no run, short and wide outside off. the batsman backing into the leg side gets himself too far to execute the cut.
no run, good length on off stump, pushed to extra cover off the front foot.
1 run, full on off, and he skips down the wicket to meet the delivery. Nudged off his pads to the midwicket region.
1 wide, slower bouncer dug in a bit too short. QDK watches it sail over his head, down leg side.
OUT, Arshdeep has got the big wicket of the batsman. That might be worth 10 runs. He stays away from the swinging arc. Bowls full and wide, and the angle takes it further away. All the batsman manages is an outside edge to the keeper.
OUT, special bowling! It's bounce again, only this time it happens with the ball moving away from the batsman. Dhawan is squared up. He needs to play, but he's not sure how to. Ends up poking the bat out and offers the outside edge. Karun Nair at slip dives forward and takes a lovely catch.
1 run, good length on off, punched down the track between long-on and long-off.
SIX runs, wow, that's stunning batting. A full toss on middle and leg, de Villiers gets low again like the previous delivery and sweeps the ball over backward square leg for a humongouuuuuus six. OUT THE GROUND! 105 metre six.
1 run, good length on off stump, driven on the up to mid-off.
no run, cracked away but Moeen dives to his left to stop this wallop at cover.
(no ball) 4 byes, slips out. Horribly wrong. Just what DC needed, just what RR didn't. High full toss, and it reaches Buttler on a half-volley. He can't get his pads properly behind it. Four byes too.
no run, length at middle stump, gets on the back foot and pokes to midwicket.
1 run, full outside off, gets to the pitch and drives to long-off.
no run, speared in to the pads, and the batsman can't get bat on his attempted glance.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, driven hard but gets only a single to long-off.
no run, that has bounced unexpected again. On a length outside off, the batsman wanted to slash it away, but it bounced much above his bat.
no run, length into the pads, misses the flick.
1 run, slower length ball on middle and leg, the batsman wrists this to deep midwicket.
1 run, length ball, towards leg stump, and he eases this down the ground towards long on.
SIX runs, overpitched outside off, and the angle allows the batsman to free his arms. Just takes a step forward and lifts it over cover.
no run, given some more air and that turned more from a length, chopped to point.
no run, back of a length on the stumps, doesn't give the batsman the width he was looking for while stepping away from leg stump. Dabbed towards backward point.
no run, short and angling into the body, 147ks, the bowler has the batsman hopping, skipping, and fending to leg.
1 run, full outside off, and the batsman's not happy to have missed out. Swung through the ball's line, but it comes off the bat's toe end.
1 run, full slower ball, wide outside off stump. Driven out to sweeper cover.
1 run, down the wicket, too close to the pitch of the it, gets a single to long-on.
FOUR runs, swinging away, short and wide outside off. Sits on the front foot and flat-bats this past short extra cover.
no run, that's better. Hits the deck. Cramps him up with his line. the batsman still tries to launch it down the ground but he comes up with nothing.
1 run, wide on the crease, dabbed down to third man to get off the mark first ball.
1 run, carrom ball, short of a length, pulled down to long-on for one.
no run, length on middle, the batsman punches it straight back to the bowler.
OUT, a rather underwhelming end to a superb innings. He was kept quiet for the last couple of overs or so, and now he's offered a simple catch to short fine leg. the bowler tucks him up for room and bangs it in, the batsman gets an edge as he tries to pull it away.
no run, appeal for lbw first ball, and this looks good and straight, but it has hit the batsman on the top of the pad. For a tall man, this might be sailing over. But RCB have reviewed the not-out decision. And there seems to be a scratch anyway as the ball passes the bat. So no need to even check the height. RCB lose the review because of the faint inside edge.
1 run, low full toss on off, the batsman wasn't expecting it perhaps, ends up punching between cover and extra cover.
no run, short of a length, outside leg, headed towards middle. Tucked away to square leg.
FOUR runs, full on off, and the batsman shuffles across the stumps exposing all three wickets. Sweeps along the ground to deep backward square.
1 run, nudges a fuller delivery outside off to long-on.
no run, back of a length, angling in, straightening away to beat the outside edge near the higher part of the bat.
no run, yorker, on the spot, dug out back to him.
no run, stays back to push a flat offbreak to short midwicket.
FOUR runs, and Curran uses all the experience. Makes room, goes with the turn, clears cover. Four. It is all over. The highest IPL run chase is up, and despite an innings that made you want to call the guy back. What a story this game is. Don't tell me to not get carried away.
no run, a slower ball down leg, nudged down to short fine leg. 0 off 5. Wicket maiden from the bowler.
2 runs, looped up outside off, driven through the line to the left of wide long-off. Kohli throws himself to his left, rolls along the ground, then jumps up for the throw.
1 wide, excellent bouncer, 133ks, rising sharply, just outside off. Left alone. De Kock makes a one-handed take overhead. Called wide.
no run, mean bouncer and the batsman gets his head quickly out of the way. Samson has to jump to gather that.
FOUR runs, carted to the wide long-off boundary! This is not a great length at his pace - offcutter, dug in short outside off. Clears the front foot and flat-bats it through the off side. Extra cover is back and so is long-off, but this goes between them.
2 runs, low full toss outside off, offers the full face and punches to long-off's left.
FOUR runs, gift of a delivery first up. Too full, drifting into the pads. Was he searching for late swing? There was none here and the batsman tickled it to the fine leg fence to get off the mark.
1 run, good length outside off again, and the batsman cuts it square to the man in the deep.
2 runs, the batsman has done it for Royals! He is mobbed by his team-mates. He is now embraced by his England team-mate Ben Stokes. Slower and fuller outside off, the batsman slices it to Watson at cover. Watson has a shy at the non-striker's end despite the batsman making his crease. He concedes an overthrow. Game, set, and match for Royals. Dhoni shakes his head. Sums up the night for CSK.
1 run, short on middle, and the batsman muscles his pull towards deep midwicket.
no run, pitched up, wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, on a length, around off, punched down to long-off for one.
OUT, got him! Bhajji roars, fist pumps because this is a huge moment. Dhawan premeditates and goes for a full-blooded sweep, this drifts in and skids through to beat him comprehensively. Dhawan was through with the shot even before the ball arrived, clean bowled.
1 run, full on middle, flicked to deep square.
no run, lovley bowling. Full but not full enough to drive. No room to work with either and as a result, the batsman has no choice but to block to mid-on.
1 run, pitched up on off, forward and driven to sweeper cover.
1 run, fuller around off, comes forward and drives it towards long-off.
FOUR runs, that's another lovely shot, just started to move to leg but then didn't go, the bowler bowled at leg stump and the batsman went down to paddle it very fine.
1 run, good length at middle stump, steps out and drives to long-off's right.
no run, full googly outside off, back down the pitch off the lead edge as he closes the face on it.
1 run, well bowled, the wide yorker outside off, sliced to deep point for one.
no run, beaten on the pull. Short and in the corridor. Plays on top of the bounce.
no run, good length and straight, defended back towards mid-on.
1 run, comes down the track, not quite to the pitch so adjusts and pushes it down to long-off.
1 run, on-pace length ball, on off, and the batsman goes for it again. Ends up shanking it for a single to long-off.
no run, good length outside off, and he stays on the back foot to push towards the off side.
no run, outside edge, but bounces to first slip. Pushed at it outside off, might have been the googly.
1 run, short of a length outside off, opens the face and runs it down to third man.
2 runs, short of a length, angling in from round the wicket, bunted into a hole on the leg side for a couple.
2 runs, full outside off, throws his hands at it and slices it past point for a couple.
1 run, length on off, top spinner this time, tries to push it to mid-on, a little early into the shot and gets a thick inside edge down to deep squareleg.
no run, length on middle, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, yorker-length on off stump, squeezed to long off.
2 runs, slow yorker outside off, gets some bat and Dhoni dives to stop, he has a shy at the stumps closer to him and the batsman is nowhere close, he misses and then they take one on overthrow too.
no run, slower ball on middle, the batsman tries to swat it down the ground like a tennis forehand but can't time it.
1 run, pulled from outside off towards deep midwicket.
2 leg byes, quicker, into the pads, runs off for two leg-byes.
FOUR runs, nicely placed. Walks out at the good length ball outside off, and goes inside-out to loft this over extra cover.
1 run, low full toss, driven to long-on for one.
no run, oh, beats him outside off by a whisker! the batsman was struck on the crease as the ball pitched around middle and leg, and was turning away. He showed the full face of the bat but it turned just enough to just miss the outside edge and off stump.
FOUR runs, tossed up outside off, the batsman stretches out for the ball with his hands and drives it in the air over extra cover. First-ball four for the batsman.
1 wide, bouncer lifting sharply just outside leg stump. Late on the hook. Karthik (and me) think there's a sound there. Umpire has his arms spread to signal wide.
1 run, good length on off, and spinning further away from the batsman. Flat-batted down the ground to long off.
no run, short ball, this time the quicker one, and the batsman doesn't time the pull well. Straight to midwicket.
no run, slower legcutter, well outside off, pushed to point.
2 runs, flighted on middle, full, backs away and drives it to sweeper cover, where Pollard puts in a sliding save to his left.
FOUR runs, reverse sweep into the point boundary. Full and flat at middle stump. He gets down and that slides nicely into his arc and flies off the bat.
2 runs, down the track again but Shardul shortens his length and bowls into the body. the batsman manages to manufacture a slap and his schoolmate Faf du Plessis, fumbles at mid-off and lets it through so they get two runs.
no run, short of length outside off, the batsman goes for the cut but gets beaten as the ball swings away just a little bit.
no run, tries the slog sweep but is done in by the wrong'un this time. Lucky to survive this one.
no run, much fuller and tighter on off, the batsman presses forward to smother it.
no run, length ball, outside off, and he looks to push this towards covers, and misses for the second time in a row.
FOUR runs, back of a length on middle, the batsman ventures another reverse-sweep, swatted away fine of short third man for four.
1 run, short of a length on middle stump, punched straight to midwicket off the back foot.
no run, starts with a swervy away carrom ball that is fiercely struck to point.
no run, on a length, 146ks this time, defended back to him.
1 leg bye, googly. Beaten in flight as he steps out. Ends up having to kick it away towards short fine.
1 run, full on the pads, whipped over the infield, on the bounce to deep square leg.
1 run, full toss, just outside off, pushed to point.
no run, turns this back to the bowler, cramped for room.
FOUR runs, just short of third man! Short ball across him. Looks for the ramp. M Ashwin lunges low to his right and isn't getting there. So he adjusts and has a flap at it so that it doesn't bounce over him. Does it brilliantly, then gives chase and puts in a slide as the ball heads towards fine leg. Pulls it back in but his heel's connected with the boundary as he does so.
1 run, superb yorker length ball on leg stump, the batsman squeezes this towards deep midwicket.
1 run, length outside off, leans in and drives to long-off.
no run, back of a length again and jagging in late as the batsman attempts a tentative push.
SIX runs, the batsman brings up a fifty of his own and the side's 100 with a six over midwicket. Banged in outside off, the batsman, having shuffled across, smokes it over midwicket. Bam!.
OUT, chopped on! Shortened his length, got this to drift in from around the stumps, Dhawan looks to steer this past slip after first looking to sweep, but didn't have the room and ends up hitting it onto his stumps off an inside edge. His third failure in a row now.
no run, goes short! Pitches on off and jags away from the batsman. Tries to pull, but he's nowhere near the ball. Through to Karthik from near his face.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked to deep backward square.
2 runs, full outside off, big stride out to drive to long-off's left.
FOUR runs, extension of arms through the line of this length ball with an open face to beat cover. Looks eays in the PP in Sharjah.
no run, short of a length on off, punched down to mid-on, and a bit of miscommunication on the single. Rahul wants it and is sent back. Rahul puts in the dive and hurts his shoulder. Clutches it. Could have been the ball hitting him.
1 run, full on leg stump, the batsman makes room and pushes it to long-on to bring up their fifty.
no run, full and wide outside off, big stride forward but the drive's been mistimed.
SIX runs, that's six right out of Vijay Shankar's text book! Nabi shortens his length, Mayank goes right back into the crease and lofts this through the line. Very difficult stroke to play but he made it look very easy. Wow, what a hit.
no run, starts off with a short ball on middle, the batsman ducks under this one.
1 run, full slower ball wide outside off, shuffles and skews the attempted slog into the off side.
1 run, back of a length, runs down to third man with an open face.
1 run, length ball on leg stump, punched to deep midwicket off the back foot and then calls for a suicidal second run. Karun rightly sends him back and he has to dive in the end. the bowler misses the stumps after collecting the throw. Might have just made it .
SIX runs, the bowler bowls short of a length, and flat, and the batsman rocks back to pull this over wide long-on.
2 runs, slower ball, length on off, and he taps this with soft hands. But the ball hits the inside of his bat, then hits his pads, before rolling away to cover.
FOUR runs, low full toss, 148ks, on the toes, and not only does he get his toes out of the way, he jabs at it and scoops it straight of deep square leg for four.
1 run, length at off stump, dropped pitch side off the back foot.
2 wide, good length and down leg side, can't gather that cleanly, the keeper.
2 runs, short and outside off, the batsman checks his punch and slices to sweeper cover.
1 run, Faf is forward, on the drive, and aims his shot straight at mid off - but this time he calls clearly and early, puts his head down and gets home safely - though the shy also goes wide.
1 run, on a length, looks to slog, gets an inside edge and they steal a single to midwicket.
2 runs, full and just outside off, lofted over the bowler and between the two deep fielders at the straight boundary.
1 run, yorker on middle, pushes it to long-on for one.
no run, on a length, straight, slight shape, defended to mid-off.
no run, short outside off, the batsman lets hist first ball as KKR captain go to the keeper.
2 runs, excellent work at the second of two short third man fielders, this was a fuller delivery, sliced away and the dive saved two runs.
1 run, spots that the good length ball is angled across him and so he lets it pass behind him and dabs it to the left of short third man.
1 run, the batsman made as if to back away but stayed put, the bowler bowled it down leg. Tried to tickle it fine but too square and only a single to short fine leg.
FOUR runs, back of a length on middle. the batsman backs away and cuts behind square to third man. Ball lands in front of Siraj, spins awkwardly on the bounce, and he makes a mess of that in the deep. Oh dear!.
no run, good length just outside off, knocked on the up to extra cover.
SIX runs, the batsman muscles another six, clears Searles at long-on. Googly, leaves the batsman, he drags it from outside off and slog-sweeps it away. Hit against the spin this time.
1 run, good length on middle stump, clipped through vacant midwicket.
2 runs, length ball on leg stump, whips it away to deep midwicket.
1 leg bye, full and into the pads, beaten on the flick.
1 run, back into the crease, nurdled down to long-on.
2 runs, good length inswinger at leg stump, flicked to deep square's left.
1 run, length in the corridor, dropped into the covers with soft hands.
1 run, looped up full and wide outside off, presses out and drives it down to long-off.
no run, length ball angling into middle stump, stays back and clips to midwicket.
1 run, low full toss, clipped to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, good length and quickly onto the legs. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, touch short, pulled towards wide long on for a single.
no run, full on middle again, and almost a yorker this time. Dug away towards mid on, but no single on offer.
1 wide, bouncer, but it's too short and soars over the ducking the batsman.
1 run, shorter length, he punches to long on, no trouble this time.
1 run, really full and outside off, driven down to long-off.
1 run, turning in towards the pads, worked away and he's off the mark.
FOUR runs, shot. Short and wide outside off him, 140kph. There are three fielders in the covers and he's slapped it between two of them.
FOUR runs, short outside off and all the batsman has to do is guide it past point and it races away to the fence.
no run, short of a length, outside off, holds its line. Defended.
SIX runs, swiped over deep square! Doesn't dare go to the yorker after the slip-up last ball, and it has costed him big. This is a length ball on leg stump. the batsman stays tall and swipes under that. It's all there - the pace, the line, the length. His job was to make contact. And he did. the bowler pulls his shirt up and sinks his face into it.
no run, back of a length on middle and following the batsman. He does well to get under the ball and duck out of its way.
no run, short and in the corridor. Leaps to try and get on top of that. It's at 148kph. His attempted glide to third man can't beat Buttler to his right.
FOUR runs, just a bit more air offered, and the batsman smacks this through the cover region. Winds up early, waits for the ball to land, and then slaps it through the off side.
no run, full outside off, and Brathwaite takes a big stride forward to meet the ball on the full. Driven to mid off. Sunrisers' run-rate still under six.
1 run, full on middle stump, swept off the inside half to deep midwicket.
2 runs, pushed through on middle and leg, skids in, punched away to wide long-on. Mandeep effects a direct hit at the bowler's end and concedes an extra run.
no run, good length and just outside off, pushed into the off side.
no run, takes all the pace off the ball and places it well outside off. the batsman, walking across to sweep it, can only cue-end it back down the pitch.
FOUR runs, sliced over backward point, third man with a patchy effort. Sid Kaul put in the slide but ended up pushing the ball further away. May have slipped because of dew.
no run, fuller and wider outside off, the batsman looks to reach for it but cannot put bat on to the ball, a precious dot ball.
SIX runs, width offered outside off, and the batsman leans into the drive. It's been tonked over the infield, and the ball lands way beyond deep extra cover. That's his tenth maximum!.
OUT, caught behind! A similar delivery, but a touch fuller this time, pitching around off, de the batsman comes forward to defend but it spins away sharply to take the outside edge, Dhoni makes no mistake.
no run, length ball on middle and leg, looks to flick but misses the ball hits him high on the thigh. A bit of confusion as Lynn was looking steal a run, sent back in time.
1 run, googly on off, turns back in sharply, the batsman hangs back and watches it from the pitch and pushes it down the ground.
1 run, looped up on leg, he tucks this with the spin to square leg.
1 run, punches this through the line to sweeper cover.
1 run, shuffles across off and clips a full ball away to deep square leg.
1 run, stump-to-stump bowling. Lands length on off, and he defends off the back foot to mid-on.
OUT, the bowler puts Suryakumar out of his misery. He picks up his second wicket with the knuckle ball. Floated outside off, Suryakumar hits early and ends up dragging a catch to Hooda at long-on.
1 run, good length at middle stump, backs away and punches to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, length ball on the pads, tucked away towards midwicket for one.
no run, full on off, hint of movement away, defended to point.
1 run, wrong'un, starts well outside leg, helped around the corner for one.
2 runs, just over cover. Full outside off, chipped over cover for two. A sloppy effort from Thakur and the batsman gets two.
5 wide, oh this is a disastrous start for SRH! It's not terrible bowling, to be honest. Slips a length ball down leg side as the batsman steps out at him. Bairstow loses his footing as he looks to go for that down leg side and he misses it. And it dribbles past all the fielders.
1 run, fuller on off, takes a thick inside edge to midwicket.
2 runs, dropped short at middle stump, pulled firmly to deep backward square's left. Natarajan is scambling and sprinting and huffing to his left. And he has some fortune as this slams into his leg as he runs for it.
1 run, short outside off, chopped to third man's right.
no run, on a length and outside off, Rohit allows the ball to come to him, then dabs to point.
1 wide, looks to cramp him up with his angle but ends up sliding down the leg side.
1 run, OUT, worked off the pads through midwicket. Rashid runs in from the deep, gathers the ball cleanly, and throws it to keeper. Saha does the rest. the batsman chances a second. He slips after completing the first, still goes for the second, dishes out a desperate dive, but is caught short. The second wasn't on after the tumble. Fine throw from Rashid.
1 run, past the midwicket fielder inside the circle, who might be in there to catch the miscued pull. This is length, and he chips it past him towards deep midwicket.
1 run, short ball at middle stump, swats uppishly to deep square.
FOUR runs, poor start. Short and wide and slanted across Dhawan. We've seen him long enough to know what that means. Spanks it over backward point.
1 run, fuller this time, around leg stump, the batsman lunges forward and pushes it towards long-on.
FOUR runs, drops short, Kishan reads the length, hurries back and pummels the pull into the gap at midwicket for four.
OUT, he's dragged this back onto the stumps. Went for a big mow over deep square, had to fetch it from way outside off. Ended up getting a thick inside edge onto the stumps.
no run, overpitched and slanted wide outside off. Leans in and drives off the toe-end to extra cover.
no run, good length on middle stump, attempted pull off the back foot only goes to mid off.
to Watson, 1 run, on a length, outside off, dabs on it for a single to third man.
SIX runs, pulled magnificently. What were you doing inside the dressing room for so long, KG? Goes short and wide, the batsman is across in a jiffy as he nails this pull in front of square to perfection.
1 run, slower ball wide of off, he pushes on the front foot to point.
1 run, good length outside off, but tailing into the batsman's pads again. Flicked off his pads to square leg and loud cheers as Gayle gets on strike.
FOUR runs, pristine hit! The on the up drive works perfectly, showing how well this new ball is coming onto the bat. All the batsman does is open the face to beat cover on his right.
1 run, good length, inswinger into the corridor, jabbed to extra cover's left.
1 run, nearly a yorker, just outside off, driven to long-off for one.
1 run, short of a length, angling in, cramping him up, pushed to midwicket for one.
1 wide, length and down leg side, beaten on the flick.
1 run, length outside off, flat and fast, punched to deep cover.
1 run, a slower one, fuller on the stumps, Parthiv flicks it towards square leg for a single.
SIX runs, two from five balls and a short ball to end the over. That's sailed over square leg into the crowd! the batsman did a little pivot on the back foot for the short one, and opened himself up to pull-swat that away.
FOUR runs, you beauty. the batsman with some aggressive sensibility! Shows the older boys how it's done. Stands his ground once again, allows the bowler to bowl to him and reacts to find a boundary through point. It's a poor ball - short and wide, and he carves it expertly.
3 runs, hip-high full toss on leg stump, band that's been flicked off his pads to the backward square boundary. Not a no ball, but they still manage to take three. Delhi Daredevils finish on 163!.
FOUR runs, fuller around off, slog-sweeps it over midwicket, a boundary to get off the mark.
no run, short of a length at middle stump, rises on top of that and defends into the leg side.
1 leg bye, length ball on middle stump, presses well froward and gets deflects this into the leg side with a bat-pad.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, driven towards long-on for one.
FOUR runs, stands tall and punches this to the extra cover boundary. Sweet. Shot of the night so far.
FOUR runs, Lucky! Hardik'll take it. Good length on off, and his punch towards mid off takes the bat's inside edge. Short fine leg has no chance.
SIX runs, fetch that the batsman Kishan is skipping down the track as if there's a prize at the other end. Comes down again, and gets to the pitch beautifully, and smacks this over deep midwicket with one clean swing of the bat.
no run, the batsman telegraphs his intentions to play a lap-sweep, but the bowler adjusts to beat the stroke and hit him on the pad.
no run, Sran hits a splice-jarring length outside off, the batsman riding the bounce to guide to point.
1 run, flat-bats a pull down to long on.
no run, length outside off, the batsman makes room and tries to blast it through the covers and misses.
no run, short and wide outside off, cut to cover point.
1 run, low full toss, hit hard to long-off for one.
no run, quicker ball, drags it too short, and the batsman rocks back to pull powerfully but Raina at midwicket fields it by getting body behind ball.
1 run, punched uppishly to long-on. On two bounces.
1 run, flat, into the pads, pushed down to long-on for one.
SIX runs, six! NOT OVER YET. It's flat and wide, the batsman stands back and slaps a swat straight back over the bowler's head for six. sensational timing. Delhi are dancing again.
SIX runs, back of a length and slides in on off from round the stumps, arm-ball the batsman takes this thigh-high ball and pumps it over long-on.
1 run, full and swinging in, pushed to mid-off with the full face for a run.
OUT, the bowler strikes with his first ball and bowls the batsman. Arm ball arrows in from around the stumps, no turn, the batsman looks to chop it away from off stump. No dice. the bowler knocks over the off stump and is almost apologetic in celebration.
no run, good length and just outside off, chopped to short third man.
1 run, attempted wipe across the line, and Kuleep finds the top edge! Flies safe to short third man.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, he runs it down to third man for one.
1 run, good length on middle, deep in the crease and nudges to midwicket's right.
no run, full and outside off, drives to cover, where Williamson doesn't let it through.
1 run, mis-field by Kohli at mid-off allows one. Full outside off, driven to mid-off, Kohli fumbles.
no run, angled in, on a length, and Faf is content defending from the crease.
no run, has he edged that?.
1 run, short and in at the stumps, backs away and punches to sweeper.
no run, fuller, middle and leg, defended to midwicket.
OUT, short of length aimed at the batsman, the batsman looks to give himself some room but is cramped, ends up pulling it right into Karun Nair's lap at deep midwicket. Will we see Rashid walking in?.
1 run, a slower delivery outside off, slogged away to long-on. That's also the batsman's fifty, off just 23 balls.
1 run, dropped again! This is a much tougher chance, but dropped nonetheless. Full outside off, a thick outside half travels to backward point's left. Abhishek Sharma leaps to his left, but can't catch as the ball bursts out.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, punched to cover.
1 run, good length at middle stump, deep in the crease to tap this into the leg side.
1 run, length at off stump, whippy hands for this inside-out loft to long-off's left. Rabada nearly over-runs it but adjusts to keep that in, to his right.
FOUR runs, some excitement first ball, but it fizzles out soon. the batsman has steered this to third man. It nearly carries all the way, but then Krishna lets it slide through his legs.
no run, legbreak, on a length, middle and leg, defended to cover.
2 runs, good length on off stump, and the batsman taps it to the area near mid on. No one there, so that's a comfortable double.
1 run, length ball on middle, and angling into his ribcage. Pulled to deep backward square for one.
no run, tries to flick a leg-side fuller one and wears it on the pad.
1 run, on a length, into the pads, clipped away for a single to deep midwicket.
no run, beaten by big turn again. A googly, pitched short and outside off. Turns even further away as the batsman shapes to pull.
FOUR runs, through from under Dube. Length ball outside off, half a stride out and a swing across the line. Floats towards Dube, landing in front of him and then nutmegging him as he goes down inelegantly.
1 run, short of a length, into the body, worked to deep square for one.
1 run, worked into the gap at midwicket again.
1 run, another carrom ball, on middle and off. Punched to long-off.
1 run, short and up at the ribs. Subdued pull to deep square.
FOUR runs, slower length ball outside off, the batsman is down on one knee as he slaps this up and over cover. Disdainfully done.
1 run, slower-ball, full toss outside off, pushed wide of cover for one.
1 run, full ball, and he drives this wide of long off.
FOUR runs, handsome! the batsman stands tall and pulls off the front foot. The DC coach will be proud of that. Length ball in the corridor, not a slower one this time and he plants the front leg out to lift this over midwicket.
1 run, fantastic bowling yet another yorker, and all the batsman can do is jab his bat down to dig it out. Jammed into the ground hard enough that it bounces over the bowler and they get a single.
no run, slower one at 118kmh, outside off and nipping in, the batsman gets an inside edge behind square on leg.
1 run, front of the hand again, good length at leg stump. Punched to long-on's left.
1 run, good length outside off, jabbed into the off side on the front foot.
SIX runs, off the mark with a six, but it's not well-timed. Length ball at leg stump and that's what he needs to bring in the slog. Drags it over the midwicket boundary.
no run, good length ball turning in at the stumps. Tapped to midwicket.
1 run, fuller this time, just outside off, the batsman clears his front leg and looks to smash, cannot beat mid-off.
1 run, short outside off, gets up on his toes and pats it into the ground through backward point.
1 run, pushed down the ground.
no run, full and wide of off, he tries to drive but misses.
SIX runs, short and angled into him at pace. What more does a batsman need? the batsman swivels and flays a pull over deep midwicket.
1 run, keeping to a stump to stump line and the batsman turns it off his pads to deep square leg.
no run, wide on the crease, short of a length, pulled to short midwicket. Gets no timing on this.
SIX runs, launched onto the roof over long leg. NCN is around the wicket, and he's short and into the body. Curran swivels and puts that away off the back foot.
OUT, goes short! the bowler's appealing for the caught behind, and Williamson reviews. It was a quick delivery that rose onto the batsman. the batsman misses the pull, and the ball brushes his top glove. the batsman's walking even before the third umpire gives his decision. Rayudu's already made his way out.
1 run, goes back and tucks it to the leg side successfully this time.
2 runs, splendid timing as he gets down low to the off-pace delivery outside off and steers it past point. Could easily have gone to the boundary without Agarwal diving to his left on the boundary.
nan
nan
1 leg bye, short of a length, quick, hits the thigh pad, concedes a leg-bye.
2 runs, a slower delivery outside off, carved away to backward point. Carlos Brathwaite misfields and allows a second. Sloppy.
no run, yes, no, yes, no! the batsman's safe though! Tapped towards point, and the batsman wants the run. Rana says no, and he's forced to turn back. Does well to slide in before Kishan can dislodge the bails.
FOUR runs, another misfield! It's short outside off, Suryakumar stands back and pummels a drive right back to his left. the bowler sticks out a left hand but can't do much to stop the ball.
1 run, short outside off, pulled firmly to long-on's right.
1 run, full, angling in, pushed down the ground for one.
FOUR runs, slashed, too quick for Suryakumar Yadav at slip. By the time he cupped his hands, the ball had flown past him at first slip. Tough, tough chance.
1 run, good length outside off, but spinning into his body. Opens his bat's face and cuts it late. Enough time to sneak the single.
2 runs, pulled away, excellent strop by Yusuf on the bounce at fine leg.
OUT, five for! Full on middle, and Bhuvi walks across the stumps to try and nudge it fine. Bhuvi's beaten for pace, and the ball has crashed into middle stump. Is that a no-ball? Nope!.
1 run, length at leg stump, paddled to short fine's right.
1 run, slow and wide again, punched to wide long-off for one.
OUT, taken by QDK! Yet another slower ball from Hardik to get a KKR opener. This dips at a length outside off. He makes room and has an ugly heave at it. Not anywhere close to the ball and gets a top edge that QDK has to go backwards to gather. He does it with some comfort. The wheels have come off for KKR.
no run, yorker at middle stump, squeezed towards mid-off.
1 run, full on middle, pushed through midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, angling in, jams against his bat as he looks to make room. Single into the off side.
FOUR runs, another wrong'un, but bowls this too full, and he is not worried about playing the big shot again. Not the cleanest connection, but he has gone straight down the ground and beats long-on to his right.
2 runs, works it right in between midwicket and long-on on the boundary and that placement earns him a second run.
SIX runs, that's a legbreak and it's so wide and full outside off that the batsman confidently goes down on a knee and tonks that straight down the ground. Over long-off this time.
1 run, good length at middle, steps out and drills to long-on.
1 run, makes room and punches this length delivery to deep cover.
1 run, on a length, wicket to wicket, opens the face, takes the single.
1 run, slower one on the stumps, he defends it towards silly mid on and Dhawan calls for one immediately. Good and early call.
SIX runs, that's cleared fine leg! A short delivery on middle and leg, the batsman pulls but gets a thick top edge which flies over fine leg. the batsman has 9000 T20 runs too.
1 leg bye, good length on leg stump, looks to flick and cops that on the pad. It's fine of short fine leg.
no run, good length on off stump, and he goes onto the back foot to cut. Misses, but the ball hits Dhoni's pads and hits the stumps. Looked like the batsman was in the crease, but was his back leg up? Third umpire. Nope, he's good.
2 runs, full on off, and the batsman makes some room this time. Lifts it over the infield, and although the bat turned in his hand, the shot had enough power to clear the infield. Binny goes chasing after it.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched to long-off off the back foot.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, comes forward and drives it towards long-on.
1 run, shortish on off, worked to long-on.
1 run, powerfully struck again, but there is a sweeper cover so only a single. Again, it means the batsman is on strike.
1 run, slow through the air, on a length, middle and leg, punched down to long-on for one.
1 run, Rahane misses the run-out. Too full, dug out straight to Rahane at short cover, and he is gone for all money. Rahane has missed.
no run, down the wicket again, but the bowler stays away from his swinging zone. The push is not wide enough of the bowler to get him a single.
OUT, and then he msicues one to find mid-off. the batsman is livid with himself. Seems to have been in the right place once again. A yorker and he's leg-side of it, trying to go inside-out between extra cover and mid-off. Gets it right off the toe to that fielder and whacks the ground with his bat.
FOUR runs, there's a horribly woody sound off the bat as the batsman steps into a front-foot pull, but he gets enough on it to beat mid on and pick up four more.
no run, a flat delivery, on middle and leg. the batsman comes down but the trajectory is much flatter. Inside-edged into the pad, and then into the off side. the bowler runs to the ball to prevent one.
FOUR runs, more air this time, but too wide. It pitches outside off, and spins further away, which the batsman has no problem in putting away. Cut past the infield! Fifty partnership as well.
1 run, full offbreak on middle stump, driven to long-on.
2 runs, crunched to wide long-off where superman AB hares around to his left to stop that.
FOUR runs, classic the batsman! Good length on off, and he simply backs away before crunching this away from his body and past cover. Oof.
no run, back of a length and outside off, he slashes and misses.
1 leg bye, short of a length on leg stump, looks to flick and cops it on the thigh.
1 run, short of a length, straight, tucked away off the hip for one.
1 run, chips this drive down to sweeper cover to get off the mark.
1 leg bye, short of a length and thuds into the thigh guard as he gets deep for the leg glance.
2 runs, uppish but just wide of square leg. Excellent running to come back for the second.
SIX runs,  deep into the stands at deep square!  Backed away to slash but saw the bowler dish in a short ball on middle and leg, the batsman picked the length, swiveled back and hammered this. The bat speed was tremendous!.
SIX runs, misses the yorker. De Villiers backs away and gets under the low full toss, and even places it wide of long-on. Another flat six.
no run, yorker on off, and that's been squeezed away to point. DK wants the single, but no chance. KKR need five off the final over to secure playoff qualification.
1 wide, good length on leg again, and once again spinning too much. More extras.
no run, back of a length, angled in from round the wicket, defended to the bowler.
no run, googly on off, the batsman drills it straight to extra cover.
OUT, lofted straight to long-off. SKY is playing this loft off the back foot, because he wants to make room to go from in to out and over extra cover. But he's managed to lift this full ball from middle stump straight into Stokes' hands.
(no ball) 1 run, that's going to be a no-ball. Du Plessis pulls this high full toss into the hands of deep midwicket who doesn't have to move an inch. But that's well over waist height.
no run, short outside off, jumps on his toes and knocks it back to the bowler.
1 run, good length on middle, but he backs away to cut it to the man in the deep. Enough time to walk across for the single.
no run, full on off stump, driven with the turn to extra cover.
1 run, short ball, might be on-pace, but it is wide, and the batsman gets no power into the pull. Just the single.
no run, shorter length, he's back and punching back to the bowler.
1 wide, attempts the sweep with the bowler firing it down leg. Doesn't connect.
1 run, chopped from off stump to short third man.
FOUR runs, in the slot and dismissed. Too full, he clears his front leg a bit and has a free swing of the arms to lift it over the in-field and into the midwicket boundary.
1 run, good length, turning away from middle. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
OUT, what an uncharacteristic shot from Rohit. He doesn't take risks this early, and de Kock is going well at the other end. So it is a surprise he slogs at this. Axar's pace is slow so he ends up dragging this to deep midwicket. He suggests he is trying to hit it straighter, but he is gone now.
1 run, short and going across him. Looks like he wanted to pull that initially, but followed it with his hands. Got decent timing on the push through the off side, but point tumbles to the left and stops.
no run, hit straight to mid-off this time.
no run, leading edge safely in front of mid-off. Looks to flick this through midwicket, a length ball on middle, but it's a knuckle ball and he hasn't picked it.
2 runs, Mid-off runs back, dives, but this skier eludes him. Fuller on off, the batsman swings for the hills, slices it in the end and gets away.
SIX runs, slower ball, but he has spotted this one. Picks it up, and whacks it over long off, and sends it a few rows back!.
OUT, The extra ball fetches him the wicket! How rare is that. Flighted on middle, and Dhawan tried to slog sweep. It's the one that goes straight through and crashes into middle stump. Mishy-bhai is pumped!.
2 runs, on-pace length ball, the batsman slogs, gets two off the inside half of the bat.
1 wide, short and wide outside off. the batsman goes chasing after it, but can't cut it away. Through to the keeper, but the umpire reckons its too wide.
SIX runs, whoa! Back-to-back sixes for the batsman. Sublime timing. Too full and veering into the pads, massive whippage of the wrists from the local boy. Picked up and launched over the square leg boundary.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper.
1 run, low full toss, straight, driven to long-off.
3 runs, slower through the air outside off, carved off the outside half to the left of sweeper. Rayudu slides and hauls the ball into play.
1 run, slower and fuller delivery on middle and leg, the batsman bunts it back to mid-off and scampers across to complete a single.
no run, short around off, leans back and punches to point.
1 run, flighted slow legbreak, driven to long-off for one.
1 run, fuller, on middle, and he goes deep into his crease. Tapped to midwicket for a quick single.
no run, perfect length. On off, aiming at the top of off. Defended.
no run, the free-hit ball is a yorker outside off, skids past the outside edge and off stump.
1 run, full and outside off, steered past backward point.
FOUR runs, strong shot! Some width outside off, he powers through the line and slices it through backward point to third man.
no run, slides on outside off, the batsman backs away and chops it to the right of cover.
no run, steps out and blocks with his body. He's beaten in flight here.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and he punches a shot to deep extra cover.
1 run, tossed up, he goes deep in his crease to punch to long-on.
no run, short and wide outside off. Steps out and wafts. Can't make connection.
no run, full and attacking the stumps, tapped to mid-on.
1 run, short ball, and he rocks back and hooks it off the front of his face towards long leg.
2 runs, just clears extra cover. He'll be disappointed not getting better connection on this. Length ball outside off with lots of room to swing through the line. Ended up with a turning bat as he made contact.
SIX runs, 17-ball fifty! Dropped short, turning into leg stump. He's not missed that shot once tonight and he has no problem sending this high over the deep midwicket fielder.
no run, good length and just outside off, shuffles and defends down the pitch.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to long-off.
no run, length outside off, comes forward to defend and gets beaten like so many others before him as the ball spins away.
no run, full on middle, but the batsman backs away to the leg side to make some room. Carves it away, but only to point.
no run, good length and cramping him at middle stump line. Wants to push into the off side but he's forced to defend down the pitch.
1 run, full-toss outside off, the batsman backs away and splices it over the covers. Two fielders circle around it but both miss it.
1 run, outside off, turning away, and he forces this hard down the ground towards long off.
no run, starts with a full toss on the off stump, hits it straight towards covers.
SIX runs, just over Chahal at deep square! Kohli brings out the teapot. He reckons that should have been taken. Short and up at the chest. Top edge on the pull and it hangs despairingly in the air as Chahal takes a few steps back. Flicks his index finger and is over the line.
2 wide, short slower ball, left alone and called wide for height.
no run, length ball, just outside off, and tapped to cover.
1 run, fullish outside off, drive to long-on.
FOUR runs, off we go. Length on off stump, too flat to cause issues for the batsman who gets his front leg into the leg side and gently lofts this over extra cover.
1 run, full on off, and pushed away from his body. Played to point.
1 run, length on middle but nearly through him, gets an inside edge past his leg stump.
1 wide, full on leg stump, but going down leg. Sarfraz couldn't flick it away, but RCB collect the run anyway. He also has to bowl it again.
no run, off a thick inside edge to midwicket. Looked to hit it a lot straighter.
SIX runs, short, gets up to chest height while angling in from round the wicket, and the batsman picks the length so early and swivels to absolutely pulverise it over backward square leg.
1 run, full on middle, and worked off his pads to midwicket for a single.
2 runs, short ball, angles into him, and he guides this down to third man.
2 runs, a bit fuller, on off stump, and it might have been a slightly off-pace delivery. Yup, slower one. the batsman goes for the lofted drive, and slices it high off the outside half of his bat, manages to land it beyond the reach of extra-cover turning and running back.
no run, a low full toss on middle, pushed to mid-on.
1 run, Sharma sets up for the ramp, the bowler bowls the slower one, which means he can't send it over fine leg. The ball goes much squarer, and gets him just the single.
2 runs, this looks close, Archer could be run out at the non striker's end going for the second But he's just made it. Relief for Rajasthan. this was a full toss outside off and the batsman stroked it past the in-field. Called for two, there was a moment of hesitation between the two before they ran for it. The throw was flat, but a little wide of the stumps and by the time the bowler could gather it and break the stumps, Jofra had just about made his ground.
FOUR runs, oh, shot. That's pristine timing and placement. Shifts back and whips this back of a length delivery against the turn through midwicket. Top stuff.
1 run, low full-toss outside off, a bit of outswing on that, flicked deliberately in the air, without too much weight on the stroke, so it drops well short of deep midwicket.
1 run, and another pull, but this is not that short so he mis-hits it to deep square for one.
no run, fuller outside off, he pushes on the front foot to point.
1 run, short and wide outside off, allows that to come on and chops to deep backward point. Third man was in the circle.
1 run, overpitched on middle and leg, and the batsman comfortably flicks it off his pads to midwicket. the bowler keeping it tight.
no run, back of a length, nipping in from outside off, defended into the offside.
no run, ah, has he got away with that? Seemed to drift a long way from the left-hander, nowhere near the batsman's reach, but for some reason, the umpire thought that was fine.
no run, full on off, and the googly is driven back to the bowler. A fine over from the South African.
1 run, back of a length, backs away and punches down to long-off.
no run, swept away nicely but finds the man at short fine. A couple of metres either side, and it is four.
FOUR runs, and he repeats the dose. the bowler's pace doesn't matter here. Backs away again, and this time he goes squarer, over point.
no run, good length but wide outside off. the batsman's gonna be disappointed not to put it away. Cut straight to point.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to deep cover for one.
no run, slower length ball outside off, driven on the up to extra cover.
no run, short of a length just outside off, punched straight to extra cover.
1 wide, slower ball, outside off, and he looks to cut this. Called a wide. A bit harsh, maybe?.
FOUR runs, short again, no turn, and this time the batsman beats the man at square for four.
SIX runs, thumped over long-off, what a way to get to a half-century. This is some way to announce your return in style. the batsman is pumped, fist-pumps towards the dressing room  Clearly being left out hurt him. What a way to channel that hurt. He's delivered when his team needed him to.
OUT, shapes to drive, doesn't get to the pitch, is beaten for turn, and gets a thick edge that has been taken beautifully by Rahane at slip. Excellent captaincy to have himself stationed there. Superb from the bowler. Dragged him forward into the drive, deceived him in flight and thank you very much. RCB slide further.
no run, length, angles across him, and he defends this.
no run, on a length and fizzes through outside off, the batsman plays for turn and is beaten on outside edge.
2 runs, another slower ball, nipping away towards off stump. the batsman clears his front leg and looks to hit over the leg side. Miscues, slices off the outside half of the bat, but it lands well short of the fielder coming in off the long-on boundary.
FOUR runs, that's tripe from the bowler Kumar. He goes on the pads and the batsman says thanks with a neat flick through backward square leg. Too easy. 14 off 6 for Baz.
FOUR runs, dropped at long-off! Good length ball just outside off, steps down to meet at the pitch and connect firmly on this lofted hit, but he hasn't managed any elevation. It's flat and to Pooran's left at head height and he only manages to tip this to his left and into the boundary.
1 run, throws his hands at a wide one and gets a thick outside edge towards third man.
1 run, length ball, angles across him, and he taps it towards point and picks up a quick single.
SIX runs, ooooof, that is second tier! That is massive. Massive! Goes wide of the crease, drops it short at middle stump, he's leaning back as he pulls and he's tonked it high and far over midwicket. 97 metres is the official count.
3 runs, flayed away to deep cover where Mujeeb has hurt himself trying to dive, ends up parrying the ball further away. Mujeeb is down on the floor, clutching his shoulder.
1 run, backs away, the bowler is quick, 152.1ks, and the batsman is hitting point when looking to go over cover. Just the single.
no run, really full and outside off, squeezed to the left of short cover.
2 runs, follows him with a short ball as he backs away, and tucked to the right of long leg this time. Comes back for two.
1 run, looks for the yorker, but it ends up a really low full toss, which the batsman knocks down to long-on.
FOUR runs, length at leg stump, waits on that and tickles it fine of short fine leg.
SIX runs, oh just clears the long-off. Gets too far under this hit, sends it miles into the air, but gets enough distance on it to clear Pollard at long-off. Consolation six.
1 run, pitches on middle, and that's been flicked to square leg. The region's vacant so they take a quick single. the batsman wants the second, but that's a resounding 'no' from DK.
1 wide, wide yorker gone wrong again. Too wide outside off. There is a bit of an appeal for a catch at the wicket but the umpire's call is emphatic and early.
no run, quicker one on the pads, pushed to midwicket.
no run, full on middle, and defended with soft hands. Ball rolls back to the bowler.
no run, gets a good stride forward and he defends this full delivery back with a straight bat.
no run, lunges forward and dabs this with soft hands towards point.
OUT, stunning ball, super grab. Dream ball for any left-arm spinner. Drifted in, drew the batsman forward but spun away sharply from off stump to take the nick through to the keeper. the batsman didn't even wait for the umpire's decision.
no run, gives himself room outside leg stump then plays and misses as he aims to play square through the off side against a back-of-a-length delivery.
no run, back of a length, pitching within the stumps and angling away from left-arm over. Left alone.
SIX runs, This is more emphatic from the batsman and the Chinnaswamy roars in approval. Dragged down outside off, rocks back and nails a pull over midwicket. He sends it soaring into the stands.
no run, good length at middle stump, jabbed to midwicket off the front foot.
no run, non-turning back-of-a-length ball just a shade outside off, tapped to cover.
no run, oh narrowly misses off stump. Whew, so close. That curves in late and goes past the inside edge. Or does it? Williamson has reviewed for catch behind. Not even close. He was looking to drive on the up and missed that emphatically.
1 run, slower ball, short and wide outside off. Cut to sweeper cover.
no run, legbreak, just outside off, punched straight to extra cover.
no run, punches this shortish wrong'un to cover.
1 run, pushed away for a single.
no run, beaten by an outswinger. Curves away from him outside off as he has a prod at it.
OUT, he's holed out to fine leg Quinton was looking like he would 'Pant' his way through this innings, but he hoicks a back of length delivery on leg stump straight to Boult, who holds a smart catch over his head. Mumbai are crumbling.
no run, length ball, angling in towards top of off. Defended.
1 run, tossed up on off, the batsman looks to heave it away but is too early into the struck, only gets a single to deep midwicket.
2 runs, yorker at middle stump, forced to long-on's right off the toe-end.
1 run, length outside off, gets the front leg across and flicks to midwicket's right.
no run, driven on the up but straight to cover.
1 run, driven hard to long-on for one.
1 run, a quick single. A full delivery on off and middle, played away towards midwicket for a quick run. Both batsmen have opened their account.
1 run, shuffles across to work this slower ball into the leg side.
1 run, short of a length legcutter outside off, dragged to deep square with a pull.
1 run, punched to long-on as they jog the single. Touch short and drifting in.
1 run, pulled away, on the bounce to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, short outside off and that's the first shot of authority, slashed away between point and cover-point.
no run, the batsman, under pressure, looks for the ramp, is beaten by a length ball.
FOUR runs, he has found the gap and the boundary we didn't see! In the channel outside off, the batsman hung back and cut it late enough to bisect backward point and short third man. They didn't even move.
2 runs, high full toss at middle stump, miscued slog to long-off's left. Off the high part of the inside half.
1 run, stays still that time and waits for the ball, pushing it to cover for a single.
1 run, flatter on off, pushed to cover's left off the backfoot.
1 run, length at off stump, walks across and ramps to long leg's left.
1 run, length, spinning away, whips against the turn to long-on.
SIX runs, the batsman couldn't have asked for a better way to get into his innings. A free hit early into the innings. the bowler goes to his trusted slower ball, but pitches it on a half-volley. the batsman holds his shape, and goes high over long-off.
2 runs, full outside off, and the batsman dances down the wicket. Crunches a drive past cover, but Yusuf Pathan's full-stretched dive at long off saves the boundary.
4 byes, pushed through, yorker length, beats the bat and the keeper! A rare mistake from Dhoni. It was very full and the flashing blade was a problem and it went straight through.
FOUR runs, crunched. Dhawan's making the new ball count. He's in super form and it shows, not that far outside off, but he punches this through cover. Wasn't that short, wasn't that wide, but he just got his timing perfect.
FOUR runs, top shot. Makes room early, the bowler follows him with a short-of-a-length ball, and he punches this from outside leg to place this between cover and cover-point.
1 run, short at the hips, glanced to fine leg.
2 runs, full on middle stump, and flicked to fine leg. the batsman calls early for the second run.
OUT, he's got him! the bowler hadn't got a wicket in the last three T20s he played in. What a time and what a wicket to break that duck. Dragged this a little shorter, but it was still spinning into the batsman, who transferred weight back and pulled fiercely. But the ball's not really coming on to the bat, so even though he connected well, he didn't get the distance, and Ravindra Jadeja at deep midwicket stayed still and caught the ball, calm as you please. Chepauk's gone ballistic.
2 runs, short of a length, pitches outside leg, flicked behind square leg.
OUT, taken at backward point. One of the best innings this season ends softly, almost tragically, because it has been played around a shambolic chase from KXIP. the batsman looking to farm the strike and play out Rashid, wants to chop this short ball into the covers after a couple of dot balls. Thick edge and a long, laboured walk back from the batsman. Would you blame him if he felt let down?.
no run, short of a length, straight, and he defends from the crease.
FOUR runs, drilled to long-off's left. Overpitched ball outside off, gets down on a knee and clubs it firmly. A dive from the fielder will not allow him to get a hand on that.
1 run, yorker at leg stump, jams it down to long-on who keeps them to a single.
2 runs, shorter on the hip, he tucks this away neatly through square leg and they run brilliantly to get two.
1 run, back of a length, tucked to square leg.
no run, full and wide, the batsman brings the bat down to drive and makes no contact. Not much feet.
1 run, nails the blockhole again from round the wicket and even with Dre Russ setting himself up for the slog, he can only get a single to long-on. Great execution under pressure from the bowler. This is why he's in with a shout of playing the World Cup for India.
no run, good length outside off, and tapped to mid off. Hit too hard.
1 run, flatter, shorter and breaks away outside off, forced off the back foot to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, the batsman repeats the dose. Curran stays short again, this time on off, and the batsman likes this short boundaries. Smoked clean over square leg.
no run, drops short of the bowler. Good length on off stump, chips the back foot punch down the pitch as that grips.
no run, short, and angles into him from wide of the crease, and beats his outside edge. Bowled at 145kph.
FOUR runs, reverse sweep the last ball doesn't matter, the batsman comes forward and plays a perfect reverse sweep that beats slip and short third man.
SIX runs, slower ball outside off and he has really got hold of that, powerfully struck over deep midwicket.
2 runs, low full toss on off, and he drills a drive to extra cover. Shorey cleans up.
1 wide, oh my god. Is that the widest leg-side wide in the history of the universe? Thankfully for the keeper, it was a slower ball gone wrong, and it gave him plenty of time to move to his left and stop it running away for more runs.
no run, backs away, the bowler stays full and straight, and he slips trying to protect his wicket.
1 run, back of a length skidder, going with the angle towards off stump, punched down to long-on.
1 run, and driven down the ground this time, Dre Russ sprinting across to stop the boundary.
1 run, tossed on middle and leg, non-turner, nurdled through the gap at midwicket.
no run, full and just outside off, jammed into the covers.
to Rayudu, OUT, wow the bowling change works. What do I know about cricket? Rayudu has found long-on with pinpoint precision. Short of a length, not much remarkable about the delivery except that Rayudu decided to pull in the air. Long-on says thank you very much.
1 run, back of a length, punched down to long-on.
1 run, down the wicket, he shortess the length, fires this in, concedes just the single to deep midwicket.
no run, fast ball! Good length on off and zipping into the batsman's pads. Does well to fend it towards the off side.
no run, full ball, pitches outside leg, as he looks to swing across the line and misses. the bowler appeals, but gets no support from around the wicket.
1 run, length on the pads, tucked away towards deep squareleg.
1 run, on a length, angling in, pushed past midwicket for one.
FOUR runs, oh you beauty. Good length, pushed fast and wide across him from around the wicket. That's a decent option from the bowler, because the batsman has shuffled and seemingly wants to go leg side. Instead he gets laced on the up, over extra cover. That flew off the middle.
no run, full ball, floated in at leg stump. Looks to flick through the open midwicket region and can't get bat on it.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, low full toss on off, and tapped down the ground to long on.
1 run, good length and just outside off, slapped firmly on the rise and bursts through Chahal's grasp at extra cover. But he recovers and keeps it to one.
OUT, taken at third man. Short and wide outside off. Looks for the upper cut and has managed to find the man perfectly in the deep. The shot was on, the placement not quite. He hobbles off having done a good job for them.
SIX runs, the trademark pull. Top drawer and into the first tier. Similar sort of delivery that he had been defending earlier in the over. It's a matter of inches. This is a touch wider of the corridor and that's enough. Onto the front foot, a clean pick up with an angled bat coming from under it. Regal, regal stuff.
FOUR runs, down the wicket, the bowler shortens the length, but the batsman pulls him in the air through midwicket. Finds the gap between mid-on and midwicket.
no run, past the hips, a slower short ball. He misses with the pull. This one probably a wide, but it's not given.
1 run, a very short, slower delivery around off is dragged down to fine leg, 116 kph.
1 run, good length at leg stump, punched to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs,  just over gully!  Hint of width, the batsman slashes over the fielder to beat third man.
1 leg bye, leg stump length ball. Tickled fine off the thigh guard. Dhoni fields and the batsman is caught staring at him as his partner calls through for a run and gets halfway down the pitch with no response. All safe in the end.
1 run, good length at leg stump, clipped to long-on's right.
1 run, squeezed away towards short third man. Good stop from Thampi, to his left. A wide yorker is jammed away.
1 run, short of a length, middle and leg, pushed to mid-on for one.
1 run, length ball, driven firmly back down the pitch. Deflects into the midwicket region off the bowler's leg.
1 run, steps out and lofts this over the infield, down to long-on. Far from off the middle. the batsman's struggling for timing just a touch tonight again.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended to point off the back foot.
1 run, outside off, and he looks to go towards midwicket, but gets an inside edge on towards long on.
no run, length ball on off, and angling further away. Left alone by the new batsman.
1 run, a very full delivery outside off, driven to long-on.
no run, holds his length back and Prabhsimran goes searching for the ball outside off, trying a late cut, and missing.
1 run, full, flicked powerfully off the pads to deep midwicket.
no run, past the outside edge. Woof. the bowler has landed them perfectly tonight. Dipping at a good length and turning past the forward block outside off.
no run, slower ball at a length just outside off, dropped pitch side on the off side. Backward point is too quick for them to steal a single.
to Kohli, 1 run, driven down to long-on for one.
1 run, fuller ball, and he looks to go hard down the ground. Gets the inner part of the bat, out towards long leg.
no run, slower length ball outside off, the batsman lets it go.
1 run, floated very full and outside off, hint of outswing, the batsman reaches out for the ball with his hands and toe-ends the ball down to deep third man.
FOUR runs, slightly shorter and the batsman reads the length very quickly. He stays back and pulls over square leg. Too short.
1 run, length ball, angling in, driven hard, on the up, for a single to long-on.
no run, length ball, slid across, Yusuf swings and misses as it's the slower one. Well-concealed.
2 runs, length ball, and he flicks it away towards midwicket. He's hared back for the second, and they've gone upstairs! He's safe, though, as there's a direct hit from the fence.
FOUR runs, full ball, but down the pads, and the batsman gets some bat on it. Leg glance down to fine leg could this be the push he needs to kick on from here?.
FOUR runs, length ball, flatter, and he goes back and guides this between point and short third man. Uses the pace of the ball to send it to the fence.
1 run, length on middle, pushed to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, pitched up and angling across off, the batsman anticipates it. He jumps across off and swats it away to the right of long-off with the bottom hand.
no run, googly from wide of the crease, at a good length and in at off stump. Pushed to point off the front foot.
no run, full and just outside off, crunched into the covers.
no run, short of a length, doesn't come off the surface at a great deal of pace, pushed towards point.
1 run, cuts the back of a length delivery outside off to the sweeper.
1 run, slower ball, pitched up, and he swings, and gets an inside edge that narrowly goes past the leg stump. Trickles down towards short fine leg.
1 run, length outside off, steered past point to get off the mark.
no run, full at off stump, hurriedly pushed down the pitch.
1 run, a thick inside edge onto the pad. Flat on off, the inside edge takes the ball to square leg.
no run, short around off, swings early and the ball finds the back of the bat as it goes behind the stumps.
1 leg bye, full on leg stump, and turned off his pads to short fine leg.
FOUR runs, whack. Full and wide and sliding on nicely outside off and the batsman reaches out and drills that over extra cover.
FOUR runs, more runs. Length ball outside off stump and the batsman goes for a hard-hands front-foot push, looking to hit through the covers. Ends up getting a thick edge that runs away between gully and short third man.
FOUR runs, half-volley on the pads, flicked away, the man in the deep isn't fine enough to cut that off.
1 run, fuller outside off, punched to a square third man.
1 run, goes back deep into the crease and whips this down to deep midwicket.
1 run, tossed up at off stump, driven to long-on.
1 run, floated up on middle and leg, driven down to long-on.
1 run, nicely bowled actually. Very slow outside off, bowling to his field. the batsman drives to deep cover and gets off strike.
no run, yorker just outside off, jammed out towards backward point.
no run, good length on off stump, blocked on the front foot.
1 run, on a length, outside off, pushed to cover for one.
1 run, yorker on off! Good comeback, but well played by the batsman. Dug away towards cover for a quick run.
1 run, another yorker, tailing into the right-hander, almost like reverse swing and even the great Dre Russ ends up looking so clumsy. Nearly falls over as he tries to jam it out and keep it away from his stumps.
2 runs, full on middle, and tapped towards the vacant midwicket region. The man in the deep has to come charging in, but can't stop the second run.
no run, offcutter, length ball outside off, and he stands tall to punch. Firmly struck to mid-off.
OUT, First-ball wicket for M the bowler. Short legbreak, spins away outside off, the batsman throws his bat at the ball and loses his shape. Slices it off the outside half to short third man.
SIX runs, that's Thampi's fifty! And what a shot to take him there. To be honest, that's a plain awful delivery. Full and straight, right in the slot. And CdG lofts the ball over long-off with a full face. Beauty!.
SIX runs, oh that is skillful. Stunning execution from the batsman. Premeditated the offcutter it appears, because he was quickly into the off side as the bowler released this. It was full and from that base, he simply went with the turn. Picked up cleanly over the midwicket boundary.
1 run, fuller length, pushed into the offside for a single.
no run, back of a length, a bit of inward movement towards middle and leg to cramp the batsman once again. Opens his bat face and squeezes it to backward point.
2 runs, short, and he moves away and swings this over the man at short midwicket. Wide long on gets across but cannot stop them from picking up two.
1 run, good length and just outside off, opens the face and runs to short third.
1 run, another carrom ball, which the batsman nudges towards long-on.
OUT, short, wide, slapped into the lap of backward point. the batsman cuts it in the air and hands Mandeep a simple catch. RCB were 80 for 4 at a similar stage of their innings.
1 run, full and into off stump, makes room and mistimes the drive to mid-off.
SIX runs, cool cat the batsman. Lovely effortless six. Flat length ball, and he goes over extra with nonchalance.
FOUR runs, pulled to fine leg's left. Short and up at hips on a leg stump line. He's on his front foot and then he swivels to drag this away.
FOUR runs, looks to back away and slap this over cover, but gets a thick outside edge past the keeper, no chance for third man. More frustration for the Royals.
1 run, googly on middle, picked this time and pushed to midwicket.
1 run, full on leg stump, and easy clipped off his pads to deep midwicket. the batsman is more than happy to walk across to the other end for a single.
no run, defended towards point.
SIX runs, relief. Sweet relief. But he needs more to feel better. Jumps at him, goes down the ground, and gets a straight six.
1 run, googly, full at off stump. Driven to mid-off.
1 run, full on middle, tucked away to deep midwicket.
1 run, yes, they can! Full on off stump, and the batsman drives it over the non-striker's head to long off. What an excellent final over from the bowler. Can he finish off well?.
SIX runs, slower ball, and he has got a hold of this! Swings it away, picking it up from outside off, and through midwicket for a big six!.
OUT, splices the pull! And Chahal takes a catch at short cover. Back of a length on off, and the attempted pull flies off the bat's edge. But wait, has the bowler overstepped? Backfoot is on the line, it all depends on the umpire's interpretation. That's out, reckons the TV umpire. Gone after a classy 67.
2 runs, short of a length and just outside off, gets deep and whips this to Stokes' left at long-on. Puts in a slide and parries it in for Buttler at deep midwicket to retrieve.
no run, length ball coming into him, jabbed back to the bowler.
OUT, tossed up outside off, and that's been driven away from his body. Slices his shot slightly, and therefore plays it in the air. Soft dismissal in the deep, as Mavi (the substitute) takes a few steps in from deep extra cover and pockets the catch.
1 run, full on off stump, he pushes it off the front foot through to the sweeper cover.
1 run, full slower ball at off stump, watches closely and stabs this out to point.
OUT, taken at long-off. Full slower ball wide outside off. Walks into the off side this time and is still forced to reach out. Wants to loft over extra cover but gets it only a couple of yards to long-off's right.
1 run, backs away to a short one and picks backward point as he slaps it. Straight to the fielder but they do well take the run.
no run, full just outside off and that's been tapped off the front foot to cover. Man there.
FOUR runs, there you are. The first time the bowler pitches up, and the batsman extends his arms into the shot anf lofts him over mid-on.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, pushed wide of cover for one.
OUT, takes out two of the three stumps and the bowler just walks off. No celebration. He knows this total is a monster. But it is still a skillful piece of bowling. Full. Straight. Nearly a yorker. Nabi clears his front leg and swings. he misses.
FOUR runs, walked down the pitch again and threads the gap square through the off side as he drives a back-of-a-length delivery. That's very well done.
no run, under-edge bounces back down the pitch! the batsman backs away and is too slow on the pull at this short of a length ball. the bowler takes some steps forward and collects.
1 run, slower one on the pads from wide of the crease, 113ks, clipped to deep square leg.
1 run, another push into the covers, but this one is placed well enough for a quick single.
no run, good length and pushed across the corridor. Steers the late cut straight to short third man.
1 run, full and fired in at 148 kph into the batsman toes, who drills it back down to long-on.
OUT, big lbw appeal and it's given out. Sheepish smile as he discusses with Hetmyer before taking the review. Good length ball slides into him from around the wicket. He's beaten on the attempted flick. It's hit him on the outside of the knee flap, right in front of middle stump. It's a short stride. And it's out. Tracker shows that's hitting middle stump.
1 wide, slower ball, full and wide, too wide.
1 run, length on off stump, nudged into the covers.
no run, length at off stump, defended from the crease into the covers.
FOUR runs, brilliantly placed to bring up his fifty. Short of a good length, just outside off. Allows that to slide across him and slices past point off the front foot. Doing a fine job tonight, everything they'd have asked.
1 run, flat, quicker, into the body, runs off the inside half of the bat for one.
1 run, really full on middle and leg, worked away to deep midwicket. A double is just too much for that dodgy hamstring.
no run, good length and cramped on off stump, defended into the off side.
no run, length, and he goes back to cut it. It's too close, and he drops it back towards the bowler.
1 run, slower ball, length, on the pads, and he has flicked this away towards deep midwicket.
no run, low full toss on off, and driven to the bowler. Mistimed, really.
1 run, full on the pads, clipped away to deep squareleg.
no run, good length outside off, and extra bounce forces the error from the batsman. Tried to cut but misses. Was that dropped?.
SIX runs, short, and he goes back and sends this about 15 rows back in the long leg region.
OUT, hje's misread the googly and has paid the price! Steps out to hoick this into the leg side but doesn't quite get to the pitch and slices this to cover where Tye was running backwards from the infield, wasn't in balance but somehow managed to hold on to the swirler. Superb catch. the bowler's superb initiation into the IPL continues.
1 run, thumped inside out to deep extra cover.
1 run, tossed up a bit, and he presses forward to drive this down towards long off.
no run, slider wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, slower ball, length outside leg and Mayank displays all three stumps before tapping it down to mid-off.
1 run, pitched up on off, tapped down to long-on for one.
2 runs, full ball, and he slogs this away towards deep midwicket. Some running around to do for Axar, and they pick up two.
1 run, googly at a length on off stump, gets forward to defend to backward point's right.
1 run, short of a length, no room, pushed wide of mid-on for one.
1 run, shortish offbreak, pulled to short fine leg for one.
FOUR runs, backs away, takes this on the half-volley, and drills it between deep midwicket and long-on. Dismissive batting.
1 run, length ball, wide-ish line, not much turn. Opens his bat face to steer to deep point.
2 runs, full and wide, he nails it through the covers. Chahal does well sweeping that boundary.
1 run, nurdled straight of midwicket, and there's room for a quick single.
1 run, walks across his crease and flicks a length ball on off stump to deep square leg.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, gets underneath the length, gives himself room and knows exactly what he's doing. Lofted cleanly and easily over long-off, too easy.
OUT, he's caught now Was dropped twice but not third-time lucky. Short ball on the stumps, he clears his front leg to pull. Like he has all through this innings, there's no timing at all on that, and perhaps the hurt wrist reduces power too. Ends up going off the toe-end to deep midwicket that Riyan Parag takes comfortably.
1 leg bye, looks for the ramp, the bowler bowls short of a length, outside off, and the batsman gets a leg-bye off the forearm.
1 run, steps down the wicket and turns a length ball into a half-volley, flicking it away towards deep midwicket. Picks up one, and wants two but has to turn it down.
2 runs, very wristy from the batsman, whips a length ball from way outside off through the gap at midwicket.
1 wide, length and down leg side, left alone.
1 run, back of a length on off, and the batsman fends it off the back foot. Comes off the bat's outside edge and runs down to third man.
1 run, legbreak drifting into mdidle and leg, worked to deep midwicket.
no run, full on off stump. the batsman prods forward and defends it back to the bowler.
1 run, yorker at middle stump, jammed down to long-on.
no run, yorker on off stump, and that's been dug back to the bowler. He's forced to stick his hand up and the ball sticks! Excellent over.
FOUR runs, short of a length, pitched outside leg, punched past midwicket for a four all along the ground.
1 run, flat and wide, slapped to deep cover for a run.
no run, the beautiful Test 1-2! A nice full delivery that pitches and moves away. the batsman's feet are rooted and his drive is beaten.
FOUR runs, misfield from Hardik! He's at the long-off boundary, running to his right, he's made it to the ball, but doesn't drag it back as he slides across the turf. Parthiv gets another four, this one with a cover drive to a loopy delivery outside off.
1 run, full outside off, driven crisply down the ground, Williamson does well diving to his right and keeping it to one.
no run, another wrong'un, wide outside off, defended off the front foot.
1 run, flighted and outside off, driven down to long-off.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, almost a yorker, digs it out towards long-on.
no run, dug in shorter, the batsman backs away again, looks to pull, beaten.
no run, good length outswinger from off stump. Closes the face on that as he defends into the covers off the leading edge.
1 run, short of length on middle, whips this to square leg.
1 run, full outside off, driven to long-off for a run.
1 run, length and wide outside off, can't get the drive past extra cover.
1 run, back of a length, off stump, he glides this easily to third man.
no run, goes wider outside off that time and very full. In the driving range, but the batsman could only toe-end the drive to cover.
nan
OUT, taken at deep midwicket. Short and sliding onto middle stump. He's hurried on the pull and was perhaps looking to sit that squarer, because this just looks like catching practice in the end. the bowler strikes immediately.
1 run, googly, turns in a big way as he goes wide of the crease this time. But it's picked, opens the face and runs this to short third.
FOUR runs, short of a length, seems like the legbreak, cut away between cover and cover-point.
no run, slower length ball, angling across to off stump. Looks to swivel and hoick it away through midwicket, ends up inside-edging into his pads.
1 run, short of length outside off, punched towards extra cover.
1 run, good length and at middle stump. Punched back to the bowler whose momentum in the follow through means his fumble ends up at long-off.
no run, full and straight, patted back towards mid-on.
no run, nearly a yorker outside off and it's steered to point where Raina puts in a dive.
1 run, tossed up slower and higher on off, dragged off the inside half to wide long-on.
1 run, length on off, takes on hand off the bat to glance to the leg side.  Siraj hits the stumps direct, but Shaw had made his ground.
4 byes, sharp offbreak, starts outside off and rips back in, storms through the batsman's gate but beats the off stump as well as the keeper. It raises a puff of dust from the surface.
no run,  fifth successive sweep  he's played off Rashid. Not controlled, on the bounce to square leg.
2 runs, another overthrow at long-on. Offcuttter outside off, sliced to backward point. Thakur has a throw for the non-striker's stumps. Long-on on would have backed that up, to be fair. Curran got a hand on it though, a half-stop, and that's what gives them the extra run.
1 run, wide length ball, hit to extra cover for one.
1 run, short and in at off stump, opens the face and runs it to third man.
FOUR runs, full on middle, and angling down leg. Sharma flicks fine behind square, and fine leg can't cut it off.
1 run, fuller ball, turns away from him, and he goes back and punches it past short cover.
1 wide, tries another wide yorker but goes very wrong. Wide.
no run, picks the googly again, looks to go over long-off, but is beaten again.
1 run, tossed up, wide outside off. He takes a big stride and drives it square. Maxwell in the deep cleans up.
no run, defends a shortish delivery on off stump with ease.
OUT, stumping appeal as the batsman loses his shape and has his back leg in the air briefly. Good length ball rips away from him outside off as he goes across the line at this outside-off delivery. And his toe hasn't landed in time. QDK is quicker than the batsman. Lovely delivery from the bowler, a dipping legbreak outside off, but questionably shot selection from the batsman who was swishing all over that.
1 run, misses the yorker by inches, driven to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, chipped over mid-off. Good length at off stump, marginal turn away. He reaches out and doesn't make the pitch of that, but he only wanted to get it over the infield and there's enough connection for that.
1 run, short of a length, quick, hits the inner half of the bat. Single to leg.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched to deep point for one.
1 run, short leg break, he pulls but it held up in the pitch and he gets it off the toe to deep midwicket.
1 run, full toss on middle, turned away to deep fine leg where there's  a fielder guarding the boundary.
no run, short of a length, outside off, extra bounce, beats him as he looks to open the face.
no run, half-volley, looking for swing, and the batsman drives this powerfully. But straight to mid-off.
FOUR runs, more power. Short of a length again, outside off, slower ball, which means the batsman doesn't get all of it, but gets enough to clear the infield on the off side.
1 run, slices the shortish delivery on off stump to third man.
no run, good length at off, poked into the covers with soft hands.
no run, full at off stump, bowled quite slowly, tapped towards cover and uncertainty in the running.
no run, deceived by a slower length ball, looked to back away and cut but played too early.
FOUR runs, works this from middle to beat midwicket. Short leg side boundaries makes it tougher to stop once it cross the 30-yard circle. Lovely timing, good wrist work.
no run, full outside off, but it zips straight through off the surface. the batsman tried to defend for the spin, but can't connect.
1 run, low full toss on middle stump, driven down to long-on.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended to short third man.
no run, fired in on middle, the batsman pushes it back to the bowler.
no run, short of a length, pretty straight, defended back to him.
1 run, short and into off stump from around the wicket. Chopped down to deep backward square.
1 run, full on leg stump, flicked off the front foot to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, slower ball on off, and the batsman judges the pace early. Lifts this over mid off with ease, and the back-foot punch races into the long-off boundary.
OUT, oh what have you done Shimron the batsman? This was given some more air, the batsman came on the front foot and pushed to Raina at cover. For some unfathomable reason, he thought there was a run there and was halfway down the pitch. Raina reached the ball by then and flicked it to Dhoni. the batsman gave up the ghost and just stood there, watching the bails get whipped off.
no run, tightens the line this time, and the batsman defends in front of off.
no run, full and wide, really wide, but not called as the batsman has shuffled across early.
3 runs, miscued pull plops into the outfield past midwicket. Piyush Chawla has been midwicket to midwicket and he's being followed. Just has to retrieve this one though, it doesn't run away. Short ball at middle and got big on him.
SIX runs, short ball, and it's the offcutter too, but the batsman picks the length early. Comes dancing down the wicket and then slaps it inside out over long off. Ambati's done waiting.
FOUR runs, picks his spot. Just a touch too full. He has mid-off up so he is likely to bowl short of a length, but gets into the length zone, and the batsman drives it over mid-off.
1 wide, gets the line wrong, way down leg. Good take by Buttler.
1 run, angles this slower delivery down to third man.
1 run, full and wide outside off, jammed out to sweeper's left.
2 runs, full outside off, and enough width to drive past extra cover. Chase for Duminy in the deep, and his throw is not good. Allows Samson to steal a second run.
1 wide, gets some swing, but it starts outside leg and goes further down.
SIX runs, why bowl length after yorkers have been working? the batsman gets under this slower ball and lofts him over long-on for an easy six.
SIX runs, check punched over long on! Full on off, and the batsman comes dancing down the wicket before smacking it over the bowler's head. Terrific shot.
SIX runs, six more. Slightly shorter, he may have anticipated that length because of the errant first delivery. So he stays back and pulls nonchalantly over square leg. The 1-2 play, 12 runs off two balls.
1 run, wide length ball, squeezed out for a single.
1 run, full ball tossed up at leg stump, slogs it straight to deep midwicket who takes a clean catch and sends the throw back in quickly.
1 run, quick legbreak, pretty straight, on a length, worked to leg for one.
1 run, back of a length outside off, chopped to backward point. A good call from Vijay.
no run, chops this into the off side, was looking to cut but this didn't come on.
no run, full just outside off, and defended back to the bowler.
3 runs, good length and into leg stump, shuffles into the off side, exposes the stumps and gets a delicate ramp to the keeper's left. Ashwin gives chase and takes an inelegant tumble.
no run, appeal for lbw turned down. Length ball skids on past his poke from the crease. Past the inside edge but hitting him outside leg stump.
no run, full and outside off, Yusuf clatters it back into the bowler's hands.
1 run, good length and into leg stump. Flicked to midwicket's left.
no run, wide on the crease, short of a length, on off, another defensive push.
1 run, slower ball, 122ks, dipping low full toss, slogged out to deep midwicket.
1 run, full and sliding into leg, clipped to short fine leg.
no run, loopy and full at 78.9kph on middle stump, big stride out before jabbing to the bowler's left.
OUT, get out of here Trent Boult! Someone check if that isn't a robot there! This is sensational. A one-handed leap to his right at deep square after being wrong-footed to his left, then a landing backwards and a cobra pose to keep his chest from touching the rope! Soft signal out. Replays say - OUT. Wow. Unbelievable. It's a full toss on the pads and it's flying, flat over Boult's head because the batsman has got good power on that flick. It's a stunning recovery from Boult. A leap backwards, holding on with the right hand, landing on his stomach and then stopping all that momentum to complete it. Gets back on his feet and even he's in shock.
1 run, full, around off, driven to long-off for one.
2 runs, shifts back in his crease to nudge the shortish delivery on leg stump to deep midwicket and pinches two. That is always his intention having played the ball gently.
1 run, shuffles across, the bowler bowls a slower ball to do him in, the batsman pushes this to his left, but Superman the bowler not only catches up with it, he throws off-balance to catch the batsman short. Just not able to hit it direct.
1 run, shortish outside off, angled in from wide of the crease, jumps and taps it out to mid-on.
SIX runs, steps out and wallops this straight. Handsomely done. Hits the black sightboard in front of the sightscreen. the bowler slowed it down trying to give it revs but has been outfoxed by his one-time state mate.
no run, flights this outside off, and it turns away. Moeen leaves this, but it is within the tramlines.
no run, full on leg stump, and straightens after pitching. the batsman misses the leg-side tap, and it comes off his pads.
1 run, slower ball, full and wide of off, swiped along the ground to long-on.
1 run, good length and sliding on in the corridor, hurriedly tapped into the covers.
OUT, that's it. A slower ball crashes into middle stump as the batsman looks for a slog sweep. Misses it completely, but the umps are going to check on the no-ball. He's fine. Innings over.
1 run, shortish, angling into leg stump, tucked into the midwicket region for one.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. Backs away early, and even though the bowler follows him with an offbreak, he punches with an open face between mid-off and extra cover.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, hit firmly but straight towards long-on.
1 wide, short, and wide. Too wide, outside off, and the batsman lets this go.
OUT, taken at extra cover! Short of a length in the corridor and too quick for Viljeon. He wants to whip this into the leg side but the ball's hit bat before he can even close the face on it. Sliced harmlessly in Morris' direction and he takes it with a reverse-cup.
1 run, fuller around off, comes forward and punches it towards long-off.
1 run, OUT, full on off, and that's been creamed through the cover region. Looks like four, except Rashid's tumbling effort stops that at wide long off. Recovers quickly, and throws it in flat at the bowler's end. the bowler collects, and then brings the stumps down with his right hand. Harbhajan's nowhere near!.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and tucking this behind square.
no run, length on middle stump, angled in. Tapped to mid-on on the rise.
no run, big appeal and given! the batsman is bemused. It was angled in on a length, seemed to have brushed his thigh pad on the way to the keeper down the leg side and he missed that by a long way. Overturned on review.
1 run, very full and normal pace again, he's keeping the batsmen guessing. Full on yorker length, Hardik flicks it fine from between his legs.
1 run, good length on leg stump, pulled to deep backward square.
1 run, length outside off, a knuckle ball from Shardul, the batsman waits for it before guiding it towards third man.
no run, googly on off, watches it closely onto his bat and pats it back.
SIX runs, down on one knee, and over long on! Overpitched outside off, and the batsman shanks it into the stands. Perfect spot for him to free his arms.
SIX runs, drilled over long-off! Good length ball, legbreak at off stump. Backs into the leg side, has the reach and the room to absolutely nail this. 81 metres.
1 run, bouncer, and de Kock is expecting it. This is the second such the bowler has bowled in the last two matches. Anyway, the batsman pulls this down for a single.
1 wide, short of length but angling down the leg side, the batsman stays inside and lets it go, a wide and the scores are level.
1 run, reverse-sweep, ut ends up playing it in front of square. Gets just the single as deep cover comes around.
1 run, slower offcutter, back of a length and outside off, cut away to backward point.
2 runs, full and wide outside off, pummeled off the front foot to long-off's left. Padikkal sprints across and taps it back in for long-on who was converging. Full stretch.
1 run, slower ball, middle and leg, dropped into the leg side for one.
1 run, another unflustered nudge into the gap on the leg side.
no run, again, this is much flatter through, smashed to cover.
OUT, the the bowler salute comes out. This is a nice shot to a length ball on off, across the line but that is fair game. He has timed it well, but Sarfaraz takes a sharp low catch square leg.
1 run, offbreak, hit down to long-on for one.
no run, on the back foot, poked to point once more.
1 run, length at middle stump, gets deep in the crease and punches to sweeper cover.
no run, length ball, well wide of off, the batsman has a slash at it but doesn't connect.
FOUR runs, slapped in front of cover! Wide outside off, and Sky rides the bounce and muscles it towards the extra-cover boundary. Good start to the over.
no run, length outside off, punched to mid-off this time.
1 run, length outside off, pushed to long-off.
1 run, short at off stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, shortish and wide outside off, some spin back in. Pushed away towards cover for a quick single.
SIX runs, pitched up this time but for the same result! Almost full on the stumps, it was a cutter, and the batsman stayed still to loft that with his big arms in the same area - clears long-on easily.
1 run, length and skidding low at the stumps. Looks to whip to deep midwicket, gets an inside edge into the short fine region.
1 run, slides on outside off, opens the face and guides to point.
FOUR runs, picks the length early, rocks back to open up the leg side and hammers this to bisect deep midwicket and long-on. Super stroke.  Half-tracker, a very rare one from Rashid .
1 wide, short of a length, drifts it too far across as he sees the batsman back away.
FOUR runs, full and straight, driven away to the left of midwicket, sublime timing from Dhawan as the ball skips away to the boundary.
1 leg bye, well bowled, short and angling into the front shoulder from wide of the crease. Too early into his pull and he's hit on the body.
no run, good length on off, and once again spinning wildly after hitting the surface. Hardik's in no place to punch it towards cover.
1 run, short ball, middle and leg, pulled to deep square leg for one.
no run, short of a length in the corridor, defended into the covers off the back foot.
FOUR runs, misfielded at point. the bowler fires this in short, the batsman cuts it in air, dying in front of Krunal Pandya at point. Pandya goes for the catch and dives forward, and he reaches it too. But the hands come down late, and it squeezes under them.
1 run, quick, on a length, outside off, gets a single.
no run, slower ball wide yorker, Kishan early into it, and gets the toe-end.
1 wide, off-side wide. the bowler is rattled and has lost his line.
OUT, slower ball outside off, the batsman goes deep in his crease and tries to blast it over the covers, only managing to get it off the splice and offering a running catch to Williamson, who came running in.
1 run, flays this shortish delivery to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, pitched up and angling across off stump, the batsman stretches out and slices it up and over the covers.
2 runs, slower short ball, and the big fast bowler Coulter-Nile dives full length at short fine leg to try to catch this. I wouldn't be doing this if I was the big fast bowler and risking an injury.
no run, over the wicket, pitched up at 137kph, no swing as Dhawan dances down and cracks the ball to point on the bounce.
no run, outside off, and he defends a length ball moving a touch away from him.
no run, offbreak, the batsman stays back to defend this to cover.
no run, googly not picked. Suryakumar scythes at this length ball outside off, expecting it to turn away. Ends up chopping it past leg stump and straight to short fine.
no run, wide on the crease, stays short of a length, defended back to him.
2 runs, yorker outside off, jammed down to long-off and Nagarkoti is back for another second.
1 run, on a length, sliding down, worked behind square for one.
no run, looks for the yorker, and the batsman takes it on the full, but his forced drive cannot beat cover.
1 run, another googly outside off, drilled down to long-off.
2 runs, length ball outside off, and turning further away. Dhawan goes onto the back foot, and guides this past short third man.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to sweeper off the back foot.
1 run, flat, quick on middle, pushed past the left of the bowler.
SIX runs, Change of angle? It does not matter. Full and angling away outside off. the batsman anticipates it. Shuffles across off, like Dhoni did the other night in Bengaluru, and smokes it over the wide long-on boundary.
no run, length ball, skidder outside off, and going straight into Dhoni's gloves. Jofra can't get bat on ball.
no run, defends this length ball on middle with soft hands.
FOUR runs, leading edge flies over point. It's a good ball from the bowler. 146kph outswinger at a good length, wide outside off. He's looking to flick it and he finds the point boundary.
1 leg bye, low full toss on leg stump - there's swing here, possibly reverse - the batsman tries to whip it away but does not make any connection. Vijay, at the non-strikers', wants the leg bye and gets it.
1 run, full on off stump, driven sweetly to long-off.
OUT, BOOM BOOM. You could just see that business had picked up this over. This is lovely bowling. After troubling him last two balls, he bowls a full ball just outside off with a Shami-like seam position. And he draws seam movement to rush through the gate.
OUT, 144. 8 kph. And it's good enough to beat the batsman, who is swinging for the fences. Done by pure pace. This is what the non-millenials say you miss, I hit.
1 run, tossed up, across the left-hander and drops onto off stump. Clipped to deep midwicket.
no run, length on off stump, defended on the front foot.
1 run, length outside off, steered towards third-man for one.
1 run, low full toss at off stump, punched to long-on with the angle.
1 run, length ball at off stump, 134kph, dabbed to backward point with an open face.
1 leg bye, on leg stump, but shaping down the leg side. Hits his pad though, and the ball drops near his toes. They scamper across for a run.
1 run, slower short ball outisde off. Shuffles and drags a laboured pull down to long-on.
FOUR runs, length on middle stump, gets deep in the crease, allows it to come and punches off the back foot to beat midwicket to his right.
OUT, slower ball to the batsman, not to Saini. And he gets a top edge as he backs away. Taken at extra cover.
1 run, short of length outside off, dabs it towards cover-point for one.
1 run, spears in a yorker, at the base of middle stump. the batsman does well to yank his feet out of the way and bring a vertical bat down to find a single through square leg.
2 runs, squeezes this full delivery to short third man, a direct hit at the bowler's end from short third man and the batsman would've been gone.  As it turns out, they sneak in an overthrow.
no run, length on off stump, defended solidly on the front foot.
1 run, quick, short of a length, runs off the inside half of the bat to the left of Pant. Reaches him on a halfvolley and deflects to fine leg.
OUT, lovely lovely bowling. He knows there is turn on offer so he is bowling slower and flighting them. It dips to create the gap between where the ball pitches and the batsman's reach. And then it turns to take the outside edge for Pant to catch.
SIX runs, the batsman looks to make room, the bowler looks to follow him, and he strays too far down leg. the batsman is clever, stands his ground, and plays the pick-up over square leg into the street where a young man makes away with the ball.
no run, tapped to the covers.
no run, length, and he pushes this back towards the bowler.
OUT, yorker, given lbw, but he reviews it. It seems he might have hit it, but this has swung as it goes past the bat, and hits him on the toe in front of the stumps. Plumb as. Was that reverse? It went really late.
1 run, OUT, run out at the non-striker's end. Full and into off stump. Shuffles and looks for the flick .Leading edge trickles out to long-off's right and Rabada calls for the sacrifical second. Doesn't make it.
1 run, short, into the body, short fine leg is up, but he can't get it that fine. Gets just the single to deep backward square leg.
no run, flat, dart outside off, chopped away to the covers.
to Agarwal, 1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched wide of mid-off for one.
2 runs, short, and he punches this through short cover. Misfield from Sarfaraz there, and it allows them to come back for two.
no run, good length at off stump, stabbed to extra cover off the front foot.
SIX runs, short of length on the stumps, rocks back and hammers it over deep midwicket, into the stands.
no run, googly outside off, pulled his length back there, Vijay the batsman watched it carefully onto his bat and defended it to point.
1 wide, full outside off and just outside the guideline, Ian Gould calls wide.
FOUR runs, slaps this to the cover boundary. Half-tracker outside off, asking to be hit. the batsman walloped that away.
OUT, straight to deep square! Decides to take him on and makes decent connection, but it wasn't well placed. Short of a length at middle and leg, stays a bit on the front foot and whips at this to hit it straight to that fielder.
1 run, spins away to roll to point off a leading edge. the batsman was looking to work this to the leg side.
FOUR runs, short, wide, legcutter, cut away for four, past the man at point.
no run, 141 kph. Again, hurried on the pull. Short of a length outside off, Kishan drags a mis-timed pull to midwicket.
OUT, taken in the covers. Good bowling from the bowler. Hangs the length ball wide outside off. It's got some overspin on it. the batsman is down on a knee trying to slog sweep that, but he's gotten too far away with his leg-side stride and ends up slicing it high. Uthappa takes it at mid-off.
1 run, short and moving away from him outside off, cuts off the thick outside edge to third man.
4 leg byes, pacy ball on the pads and the batsman tickles it very fine. No fielder there, so boundary. That came off the pad actually, so it's leg-byes.
FOUR runs, short, and he cuts this past point, and with third man inside the circle, that was always going to be four.
no run, deceived by the googly, the batsman plays for the legspin but this one hits him on the pad. Caught on the crease, but this was sliding down.
1 run, drifts one in at length on middle and leg, turned to square leg.
1 run, short of a length, at him, runs this down to third man for one.
1 run, hangs back in the crease and opens the face of his bat to third man.
no run, length outside off, steered to point.
no run, goes short on middle, the batsman lets it go and then goes around yelling at himself.
no run, drags the length back, pushed to mid-off.
2 runs, goes wide of the crease and bowls a shortish offcutter angling in towards off stump. Pulled away to the right of long-on.
2 runs, and nearly a chance for slip. Short of a length, legbreak, the batsman looks to push this to cover, but the ball turns to take the edge. Wide of slip, though.
no run, good length outside off, watchfully swept towards backward square because that stopped on him.
SIX runs, pumps it over long-on! Stunning connection. Rohit is looking sublime so far. the bowler pushing it flat now after that first six and that means he can step out and get some pace on it. And he does, and he launches it over the sightscreen.
1 run, slow on leg, pushed to long-off.
FOUR runs, floated very full and outside off, drilled through the line to the left of long-off. Bravo slides but lets the ball through to the boundary.
FOUR runs, ramped over short fine leg! Full toss just outside off, but the batsman shuffles across and gets enough behind that shot to play it into the fine-leg boundary. the bowler concedes 17 off his final over, RCB finish on 158.
1 run, slower ball, and he cuts this away towards third man. Gets the outer edge.
1 run, slogged away with bad timing to deep midwicket. Full and straight, heaved away.
no run, full on middle, and he uses his wrists to play an on-drive towards midwicket. Can't beat the fielder though.
FOUR runs, length, and he has shovelled this away towards long leg. Dismissive!.
no run, full ball, outside off, and he drives this towards point.
1 run, bouncer, on off, pulled to deep square leg for one.
1 run, full toss outside off, driven to deep cover again.
FOUR runs, slapped away to the cover boundary! Angles this in from around the stumps, the batsman makes room and punches this past a diving Williamson.
FOUR runs, back of a length and angling away outside off, the batsman throws his hands at the width, and cuts it fiercely between cover-point and backward point.
FOUR runs, short and across off stump. He gets the back leg into the off side and gets the cut off the thick outside edge and fine of short third man.
FOUR runs, dropped short and wide outside off, waits on that and cuts it past backward point.
1 run, enough room outside off for the batsman to drive it away to deep point.
1 run, googly, flatter on the stumps, the batsman goes deep in his crease and tucks it away to deep squareleg.
no run, cuts back in from length outside off, punched to cover.
OUT, Another dismissal against wristspin for the batsman. Excellent bowling from the bowler, saw the batsman coming early and tossed it wider and slower. He ended up too much under the ball and not enough behind it, and it was the googly too, spinning away from him and causing him to skew his attempted slog over mid-on to the man at cover, who moved backwards and to his left to get under the skier.
1 run, quick one back of a length down leg, so quick that Dinesh Karthik can't gather it cleanly. No signal from the umpire when they took a single, so maybe a bit of glove on that. Yes there was, so that is a drop by Karthik! Costly one.
1 run, stays on a length, on the pads, punched to wide long-on.
1 run, shorter wrong un, he's back and pulling this firmly to long on.
1 run, on a length, outswinger, pushed wide of extra cover for a single.
no run, punched straight to point.
1 run, stays back to punch this shortish delivery to deep cover for one.
FOUR runs, squeezes this behind point, no third man so that's headed just one way. It's raining boundaries.
2 runs, good length on leg stump, steps out and drags that to deep midwicket's left.
1 run, flight again, on leg stump. Good stride forward from the batsman to drive to long-on.
SIX runs, too short, and too good! This is the ball a batsman with a 75 strike-rate dreams about. Half-tracker. With plenty of width. the batsman really should have sent it all the way to Auckland. But he settles for the crowd behind deep square leg.
2 wide, shifts back, gets low, and scoop-pulls to fine leg. The umpire, however, says there is no bat involved and signals wide down leg.
no run, that's some serious pace. 1458kph. Shortish, a fair bit of width, but it zips past the batsman's attempt at a leaden-footed slash.
1 run, short, and he opens up as he looks to flick this. Takes the leading edge and runs towards mid off, and they pinch a single.
OUT, that's the third wicket to the cross batted pull! the bowler on the charge in the Power-play again. The shot hasn't been on tonight, this was a slower short ball, bounced a little extra, caught him on the splice and went high up in the air towards deep squareleg, who eventually had to put in a dive forward to take it.
1 run, gloves this pull down to fine leg.
no run, length ball in the corridor and he's into the punch too early. Hits the inside half of the bat and rolls back to the bowler.
no run, short of length outside off and spinning away, the batsman once again goes for the cut but fails to connect.
no run, swings it away from length as the batsman helps it towards backward point where Negi puts in a dive.
1 run, into the blockhole, squeezes this to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, full and curving in towards off, gets a good stride forward and drives through cover, beats deep point to his right comfortably.
no run, back of a length and outside off, knuckle ball at 111ks, stabbed back to the right of the bowler. Faf sends Chahar back.
FOUR runs, tossed up outside off, and spinning further away from the batsman. Enough width to free his arms, and he leans into this uppish drive over cover. No one at deep extra cover either.
1 run, good length and shaped away outside off. Hangs inside the line of that and steers to third man.
SIX runs, you are looking for eight, you get 15. Bouncer at his badge, but unlike Pooran, the batsman manages to get inside the line of this. That bouncer was over the leg stumps, this is outside off. the batsman gets inside the line and pulls hard. The short boundary does the rest.
1 wide, this one's the worst of the lot. Way down the leg side. That's three wides in the over.
no run, flatter and quicker just outside off, the batsman stretches out for the sweep and collects thin air. But the impact is outside the line of off.
1 run, toe-ends it! Full on off, and the batsman comes charging down the ground. Tries to drive towards cover, but takes the edge to short third man.
1 run, overpitched outside off, sweetly driven to long-off.
no run, slower short ball. Makes up his mind early to leave this and it loops over him as he adjusts to get out of the way after ducking.
no run, leg-side dart from the bowler, Dhoni collects it and breaks the bails in a flash. Appeal for stumping, shot down. Not called a leg-side wide either. Might have clipped the pad.
no run, goes back to cut a length ball towards point. Wants a single, but Watson sends him back.
FOUR runs, too short. Too much room. Too good a pull shot to be anything but a boundary at midwicket.
1 run, the bowler comes around the stumps, but the batsman uses the angle to work a single into the gap in front of midwicket.
SIX runs, full on the pads and the batsman whips him superbly to clear deep midwicket. Delightful wrist work.
FOUR runs, oh lovely timing from the batsman. Full on middle and leg, he just flicked that in the gap. His strong wrists and gap placement earns him four.
1 run, full on the pads, driven to long-on.
SIX runs, comes down the track and there is an absolute lack of pace at 103.7kmph. Chips it straight over and the ball crashes on the bounce into the sightscreen.
SIX runs, excellent from the batsman. He backs away and lofts this full delivery cleanly over long-off. The left foot went towards mid-on to create room. the bowler went for a yorker, missed his length and got punished.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut to third man's right.
FOUR runs, full-toss, around thigh-high, angling away from off stump, and the batsman makes a bit of extra room to swat this away over wide mid-off.
1 run, nicely done. Good length delivery in the fourth-stump channel, tapped towards point for a run. A direct hit from Gowtham at the bowler's end, but he's well in. Good cricket.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, the batsman shimmies out and slices to short third man.
no run, yorker, middle and leg, can't do much with that.
1 run, good length and just outside off, walks into that and pushes into the covers.
no run, sees him come down, slows it down, slips it wide, draws a defensive shot.
no run, shows the full face as he defends back.
no run, yorker at middle stump, squeezed out to midwicket.
FOUR runs, short fine leg dives but it goes through him! the bowler angled it a bit too much into the batsman and the batsman did well to glance it fine, although it should have been stopped.
no run, banged in short, a slower bouncer angling down the leg side, the batsman leaves it allow thinking it would called a wide, the umpire doesn't think so.
2 runs, short and into the hips, pulled to deep square's right.
1 run, good batting, slow on leg, worked away to midwicket.
no run, it has hit the stumps but the bail has not fallen off. A quick short ball, has got him in the ribs, and then it rolls into the base of the leg stump. Not hard enough to remove the bail.
no run, quick legbreak, around off, skiddy, defended back to him.
1 run, length and in at off. Punched to mid-off's left and they pinch the single.
SIX runs, flatter but a rank short one this time, the batsman stands in his crease and pulls it over deep midwicket for a maximum.
no run, quick length ball, middle and leg, punched to mid-on.
no run, full and straight, clipped firmly to midwicket.
1 run, short outside off, and he attempts to steer it fine. Plays it fine, but can't beat Bravo at third man.
1 run, tossed up leg break, he drives neatly to long off.
no run, short on the stumps, and the batsman wants to pull forcefully off the back foot but gets it off the bottom half of the bat and it trickles to midwicket.
1 run, slower ball at a length just outside off, uppish drive off the back foot, down to long-off.
no run, good length and into the stumps. Defended off the back foot.
FOUR runs, crashes it over point! And languidly at that! It's the equivalent of him waking up and yawning at the sun. Seriously. A length ball allowing him to free the arms? Bad move, the bowler.
2 runs, slower ball, short of a length outside off. Mistimed pull to long-on's right.
1 run, similar line, homing into leg and the batsman goes deep in his crease this time to whip it to the bowler's right.
no run, keeps it very straight to the batsman, a bit fuller, nudged towards midwicket.
FOUR runs, shot it was not that far outside off, but the batsman gave himself room and cuts from close to the body.Timed beautifully to the point boundary.
1 run, a touch fuller, driven towards long-on for a walking single.
1 run, and another googly. Short of a length, gives him some width, but just the single to deep cover.
1 leg bye, looks for the reverse-sweep/ramp. the bowler stays full and straight. Just the one leg-bye.
3 runs, superb execution! Gets outside the line and paddles this fine. Better work from Shami, first to give it chase and then pull the ball back in, all to save a solitary run.
1 run, wide length ball, driven on the up, just the single to deep cover.
1 run, this time the yorker lands. Just the single to leg.
1 run, good length, spinning in, the batsman was walking across looking to flick. Takes his pad to roll to square leg.
no run, full toss and he misses out. Low and wide outside off, a misses yorker. Which is why not a lot of bowlers go with that option against him. But his drives is mistimed, straight to extra cover.
no run, sees the batsman trying to make himself room and follows him with a slower, back-of-length ball. Slapped to extra-cover.
FOUR runs, short and fired down leg side. the batsman loses his footing trying to reach this but it works. Swished fine using only his right hand.
FOUR runs, bad ball and that's punished. Good length on the pads and all he needs to do is time his flick - and Dhawan's timing in the second half this IPL has been sublime. He moves across and flicks to the square leg boundary.
2 runs, nice shot. Makes room to drive a length ball on the up, and in front of deep cover for two.
1 run, shortish and wide outside off, chopped to short third man.
FOUR runs, hangs deep in his crease and smears the very full delivery outside off to the right of long-off. Russell's down there, moving quickly, diving, trying to flick the ball back, but at the same time, his foot is touching the rope.
no run, full on leg, and he misses the flick down the leg side. Hits the outside of his pad, and oes to short fine leg. the batsman wants the run, but Yusuf sends him back.
1 run, one bounce to third man. He wanted to cut and withdrew, and somehow the outside edge still nearly carried out to that fielder.
SIX runs, this is hammered deep into the stands at deep midwicket. This is the kind of game he struggled to bring to the fore when he was playing for India. This is a length ball, the batsman was waiting for it as he muscled it away. Too much power off the bottom hand.
2 runs, short of a length, outside off, a misfield at point allows them to come back for the second.
2 runs, a slower delivery outside off, tapped to short third man. A throw at the batsman's end misses, resulting in an overthrow.
FOUR runs, too short and drifting into middle and leg, the batsman waits and then tickles this fine off his hip to beat short fine leg.
no run, back of a length and outside off, slashed to backward point.
no run, firm defence to complete a very tight over. It's been a mixed bag from KXI so far, but they've settled after that raucous second over.
no run, dangled up on off, stretches out and smothers it.
no run, good length at off stump, defended back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, shot! Even better than the previous one. Fullish, angling in towards middle stump, and he keeps his front leg out of the way and is perfectly balanced as he shows the full face and drives to the left of mid-on.
no run, good length, stump to stump, Dhawan wants to tap it into the offside and run, but there is no run there.
1 run, good length on middle, and Sharma walks across to the off side to try and ramp it past fine leg, but mistimes it this time. He'll keep strike nonetheless.
FOUR runs, length, and he punches this. Terrific placement again, and it gives mid off no chance.
no run, length ball, wide outside off, and cut away to point.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, chopped past point. Rohit doesn't let KKR build any momentum from the wicket. Nicely on top of the bounce and great connection.
FOUR runs, bangs it in again, gets it up near the front shoulder at high pace, and the batsman somehow swivels and gets enough bat on this hook to beat fine leg haring to his left. Not the most in-control shot, but hugely effective - kind of like this innings.
1 run, good length and tossed up outside off, steps out and mistimes the slog, to deep midwicket.
1 run, a low full toss on middle and leg, chipped away to long-on for a run.
1 run, offcutter, on a length, around off, dropped into the covers for one.
FOUR runs, pulled to the midwicket boundary this time. Good length at middle stump, sitting up once more and pulled into the turf off the front foot.
no run, gets the front foot out of the way and swings and misses at a length ball outside off.
1 run, short of a length, angling in, punched down to long-on.
SIX runs, in lot more control this time around. Back of a length, angled into his leg stump, and all the batsman has to do is turn around and help it with a pull over backward square leg.
1 run, offcutter outside off, and Yusuf punches it to the vacant short cover region. He calls nice and early for the single.
1 run, OUT, the batsman has thrown it away he's had several close shaves with a run-out this innings and he's finally out now. There was never a second run there. The ball was given some air and the batsman had worked it to midwicket. Inexplicably, they go for the second with Vijay Shankar swooping down on the ball. The throw is flat, hard and at the stumps and Bairstow has no problems breaking the stumps. Another full-length dive from the batsman but he's still out comfortably. He didn't even wait for the third umpire's decision, but stomped off the ground, clearly unhappy - whether with himself or his partner, who knows.
no run, wide length ball, the batsman tries a big drive at it, ans is beaten by the angle. Perhaps slight seam too.
no run, through to the keeper, another wrong'un, taking it away from the right-hander and missing the mow.
no run, good length and wide outside off. Has a swish at that with static feet and is beaten.
FOUR runs, length ball, on off, and he places this pull to wide long on! Excellent shot, beating the fielder there.
1 run, fullish on middle and off, driven to long-off.
OUT, chipped straight back to the bowler! Slowed this one down, dipped on the batsman, who turned the face early in an attempt to push it to long-on but only managed to lob a simple catch back to the bowler.
1 run, another run-out missed. Curran cramps him up, the batsman plays this to Curran's right and runs off. Curran misses with the batsman miles out of the crease.
no run, offcutter, lands on middle, and defended off the back foot to mid-off.
1 run, legbreak, outside off, on a length, pushed to long-off for one.
OUT, bowled him. the bowler with a nice loopy offbreak on length, not a harmful delivery. The kind you block with a smile in a Test match. the batsman has a mission though, and a steep target. Makes room and tries to go over extra cover. Misses it completely. That's his 100th IPL wicket.
SIX runs, slower ball outside off, the batsman picks it up and smites it into the stands beyond midwicket. Nice, clean swing of the arms.
no run, length and just outside off, 147.9kph, punched into the covers.
FOUR runs, expertly steered to third man's left. Short and across the corridor, hangs inside the line of that and places the late cut to perfection.
no run, it's a short ball, giving him the room to free his arms, but the batsman finds short midwicket with a mistimed pull.
no run, quick and full, between Rashid's legs as his right foot shuffles to off.
FOUR runs, bouncer, at off, and he flat-bats it straight of long-on. Couldn't have planned it but it falls safe.
no run, full, just outside off, and the batsman walks into a punch. Struck to cover.
no run, back of a length on off but angling into the batsman. Goes onto the back foot and fends it back to the bowler.
1 run, another low full toss, but he ends up hitting it on the first bounce to deep square leg.
1 run, in the air but safely in front of deep midwicket. A full toss that he can't get hold of with the slog. Once again done by the extra pace.
no run, yikes, the batsman will be unhappy with the execution. A slower delivery, back of a length and wide outside off. the batsman tries to ramp the ball over short third man, but cannot connect.
1 run, big wind-up as he backs away, the batsman follows him, cramps him up, gives away only a single.
1 run, short of length around off, stays on the back foot and plays it towards mid-on with soft hands, a direct hit from Bravo but the batsman was home comfortably.
no run, struck plumb? Woah, this is very close. Not sure why they didn't even think of referring. Mayank struck on the pad as he attempts to sweep a full delivery.
2 runs, length at middle stump, ripping in at leg stump. Expertly pokes this into the vacant midwicket region with soft hands.
1 run, good length and into the body. Looks to swivel and turn that fine, but it comes off the cue end and ends up at deep square.
nan
no run, length on middle stump, punched on the up to mid-on.
FOUR runs, full outside off, Dhawan skips down the wicket, almost gets too close to it but somehow gets enough elevation to clear mid-off.
1 run, down the wicket, not close to the pitch of the ball, pushed to long-on.
no run, length just outside off, pokes at it and is beaten.
no run, full, middle and leg, punched to midwicket.
no run, turn and bouncer, where were you the bowler? Length outside off, extra bounce there as the batsman defends from the back foot.
OUT, Caught the bowler bowled the bowler. Hardik tests the batsman with a short ball on middle, the batsman backs away outside leg and flaps a pull to mid-on. Good overhead catch from Krunal. the batsman has been bounced out again.
FOUR runs, back to attempting a yorker, ends up bowling a low full toss, and Pandya clears the front leg to hit it straight of long-on.
1 run, length ball on middle, and he goes deep into his crease to pull behind square. Goes through to fine leg on the bounce.
FOUR runs, smart. Very smart batting from the batsman. He's dismantled the bowler. Leaps to cover the bounce of another short one in the corridor and caresses it between point and backward point.
1 run, good length on off, and the batsman goes deep onto the backfoot to flat-bat it to long on. Solid start from the bowler.
2 runs, full outside off, the batsman slaps it to the left of long-off to finish the innings and a 22-ball half-century.
1 run, full on the pads, tucked away to deep squareleg.
1 run, yorker outside off, jammed out to mid-off.
FOUR runs, belted back over the bowler's head. Length ball and the batsman slapped this away with disdain. That raced to the fence even before the bowler could turn back on his followthrough.
no run, half-tracker on middle stump, but bowls very straight. the batsman rocks back and check-drives back to the bowler. Aggression from the bowler, who takes a aim at the batsman's stumps  but doesn't throw it in the end.
1 run, full and into the pads. Flicked to short fine's left.
2 runs, Gowatham has had a testing first over. Bowls flat, outside off, Sharma punches this beautifully, but this time Pooran gets a hand to it with a dive at extra cover. Saves two runs.
1 run, short and wide outside off, slapped on the up to sweeper point.
SIX runs, length on middle, not quite under the bat but Hardik just clears his front leg a little and extends his arms to clear long-on with ease.
2 runs, length ball on middle stump, swishes across the line and gets it between long-on and deep midwicket for the two.
SIX runs, nice. Classy from the batsman. To the pitch again. It's pushed flat at a leg stump line and he gets under it to launch it straight towards the sight screen.
FOUR runs, a bit too full and outside off, Faf gets under the length and scythes it up and over Williamson at short cover.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, just over mid off! Little full outside off, not much, and Dhawan swing like he usually does to just about clear a leaping Plunkett.
1 run, good length on leg stump, whipped to deep midwicket off the back foot to seal the win.
no run, Mavi drags his length back and gets it to angle away in the corridor, Dhawan does not bite.
SIX runs, sweet sound on the pull over midwicket. Short of a length and just outside off. Backs away and times it perfectly. Picks his spot well too. There's no one back on the boundary and this dips into the boundary padding on the full.
FOUR runs, too short and he spotted it early, went down and swept it fine. the bowler went for the quicker one but lost his length.
1 run, steps out and tucks this gently towards midwicket.
1 run, full slower one angling into leg stump. the bowler delivers from past the vertical and creates this sharp inward angle, and that, coupled with the lack of pace, makes the batsman's lofted hit go weakly in the air, on the bounce, to the right of mid-on, off the inner half of the bat.
no run, good length outside off, watchfully pushed to extra cover's left.
no run, good length at off stump, defended off the back foot.
no run, good length at leg stump, flicks it straight to short fine. Was running down the pitch too and had to be sent back. Close call as Steyn took aim but couldn't hit the stumps.
1 run, flat on off, worked to long-on. the batsman knows what he's doing. Letting Jadeja take the risks now, he'll stay there till over No. 20 and take full responsibility then.
no run, back of a length outside off, gets big on the batsman, as he chops it down to third man.
FOUR runs, knee high full toss nice and wide outside off. the batsman cuts loose and whacks it to sweeper's left.
no run, Curran slips in the short ball as the batsman walks down at him this time. Hits the bottom half of the bat as the batsman tries to pull.
no run, knuckle ball, full on off, and he drills a straight drive past the bowler's left. Stopped at mid-off though.
1 run, length ball, and he punches it down to mid off. Takes on Andre Russell's arm, and gets there to the non-striker's end. Soaks up the generous applause from the Eden Gardens.
1 run, full and straight, pushed wide of mid-on for one.
no run, yorker, pushed back to the bowler. That was not a leg-break, seam up release!.
no run, tossed up outside off, pushed with an open face. Gets a thick edge to short third.
FOUR runs, Kohli chooses to chase the ball instead of cut the angle off wide a dive, and concedes some runs. Full and wide, not the greatest of timing on that drive, but he finds the gap to Kohli's right at cover. And gets four for a lapse in judgement from Kohli.
1 run, good length and just outside off, flatter this time at 82kph. Punched to long-off.
no run, the bowler spears it full and wide outside off, drags the batsman forward. He drives and watches the ball run away past the outside edge.
1 run, the slow pitch is showing its wares. Rohit looks to drive him over extra cover, but he ends up lofting this towards Samad at deep cover. It falls just short. the bowler feels he could have gone for the catch.
OUT, lobs it for Dhoni who takes easily. the batsman jumps into the line of this short ball outside off and wants to ramp it to fine leg. Probably not expecting this length. It's up at the chest and he gets it off the high part of the bat, only managing to get it a couple of metres behind Dhoni.
no run, looks to slog at a length ball but again the bowler is too quick for him. All he manages is a limp hit to short midwicket. Falls just short.
1 run, down the track, swipes the full one from outside off stump to long-on, all along the ground.
2 runs, full, but outside off again. Tries for the big shot, and slices it over the infield. Bhajji cleans up at sweeper cover, but his throw is flat. Chance of a run out? Nope. Dhoni misses his flick, but the batsman's big strides would've saved him anyway.
1 run, steered to third man.
1 run, ends up with that low fast full toss, and concedes just the single to deep cover.
OUT, and the batsman goes. Playing with fore when you look to slog the bowler at this pace. Heavy length, quick, and gets big on him. Goes off the splice of the bat to mid-on.
1 run, dangled up outside off, driven through the line to mid-off. the batsman chances a single, AJ Tye nails the stumps, but the batsman has slid his bat in.
FOUR runs, the bowler goes short on middle, Faf jumps away outside leg, collapses his back leg and laces it inside-out over extra cover.
FOUR runs, swatted. Clever shot by the batsman, was moving about in his crease and the bowler went for the short one. But he had cleared his front leg and given himself space so he could club a pull shot and place it well, wide of midwicket.
FOUR runs, bang! Advances and picks the length to flat-bat this one bounce into the ropes. the batsman inches closer to a century.
FOUR runs, SHOT! Pitched up, and gives him some width outside off, and he drives it hard past extra cover.
1 run, inswinger, strays to leg, clipped away for one.
FOUR runs, slower short ball up at the hips. Waits on it and shovels it past short fine.
no run, really slow in the air, really full pitched outside leg, swept fine, but can't beat short fine leg.
no run, short of a length just outside off, sudbued flat-batted drive straight to extra cover.
FOUR runs, length around off, skips down the track and goes over extra cover, not from the middle of the bat enough to clear the infield and beat Miller's chase and the subsequent slide.
1 run, short of a length at the stumps, onto the back foot to clip this to deep square.
FOUR runs, oh what a shot! Length ball curving in at leg stump and he opens up his body and wrists so nicely to make room and go over extra cover with the turn.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, worked away towards deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, flight and dip outside off, turn too. Didn't pitch full enough for the batsman to drive inside-out over the covers as intended, but he gets four anyway, thick outside edge to the third man boundary.
1 run, the batsman clears the front leg to slog, but the bowler gives him nothing. Heavy ball, at his armpit again. No power in the shot. Just the single to long-on.
no run, length and just outside off, tapped into the covers.
1 run, drifts one in full, the batsman steps out and works this to long on to get off the mark immediately.
1 run, back of a length on middle, and muscled off his hips to deep midwicket. Jadeja pulls out of his throw last ball.
1 run, on a length, angling in, pushed wide of midwicket for one.
2 runs, lovely cover drive, leaned into it beautifully. Cover gets a hand to it, so it gives enough time for extra cover on the fence to run around and field.
1 run, back of a length on leg stump, tucked away through forward square leg.
2 runs, whipped Smith style over the infield towards deep midwicket, completes his half-century off 28 balls, top effort. 11th IPL fifty in his 28th game.
1 run, looking for the big sweep, flat around off, he improvises a push to long-on.
2 runs, works this off his hip towards deep square, Southee cuts it off. Excellent first over.
FOUR runs, in control this time as he lofts it over extra cover. His second cover drive against the bowler. Taken to his pace, it appears. Good length and outside off. He has to go on the rise, which is ideal if you want to go aerial. Good shape as he executes this.
OUT, off the pad or bat? Pad, says the umpire. Daredevils want to review. It's a good-length delivery outside off, the batsman gets right across and works the ball into his pad, and then to short fine leg. Big inside edge and that decision should be out. A successful review, can make a big difference to the total. Was looking for the ramp over short fine leg, but insufficient contact to beat his thigh.
1 run, yorker, dug out to long-on for one.
1 run, full on middle, and he walks across to the off side to sweep. Played to fine leg.
no run, really slow this time, stump to stump, defended with an open face. Uthappa refuses the single.
no run, nice loop close to off stump, gets on the front foot to block to short extra-cover.
SIX runs, Curran provides CSK and Dhoni some relief. What a player he is proving to be. Down the wicket against the bowler - a rare sight - and gets to the pitch of the ball and lofts him over long-off.
FOUR runs, great connection, as he camps on the back foot, swivels with the pull shot and places it well to the right of the deep square leg fielder.
no run, short at leg stump. Awkwardly fended into the leg side. Stokes goes halfway down and then back as the batsman refuses the run.
1 run, flashed with intent, up and over wide long-on, but the sweeper is in position to limit the damage.
FOUR runs, patted off the pads, beats the despairing fielder at backward square. Useful boundary.
2 runs, offcutter, wide outside off, and Parthiv makes room. Forced to reach out at it, and he toe-ends a cut to cover.
1 run, the batsman lets his bottom hand do the work, digging an attempted yorker out just wide of mid off.
no run, shortish outside off, perhaps not short enough to pull, sneaks under the batsman's attempted shot.
1 run, good length ball, drifting into middle stump and then turning away from the left-hander. the batsman stays deep in his crease and pushes through the covers. That's the timeout. Kings XI need 86 more off 30 balls.
1 run, short of a length, no room, soft hands for a single to backward point.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to deep square.
no run, full and straight, pushed to mid-on.
OUT, full outside off, and he's sliced it! Shaw's getting under it from extra cover, and he holds on to a pressure catch. Iyer comes to celebrate with the youngster. Silences the crowd.
no run, a slower bouncer outside off, the batsman looks to help it towards third man, misses.
1 run, ramps this short ball towards third man. Coulter-Nile has to go to his left and also run in. Can't make it. Half-volleyed.
SIX runs, Suryakumar finally breaks free. Flighted on middle, he backs away outside leg, and launches it over extra cover.
1 run, short on off but Sarfraz misses the pull. Bunted to midwicket off the bat's toe end.
1 run, full, just outside off, and he digs this yorker away to deep point for a single.
1 run, full ball, and he taps this towards short cover and goes through for a single.
1 run, back of a length on middle and leg, looking to cramp the batsman for room. Blocked gently into the covers for one.
1 run, slower length ball outside off, Sarfaraz was looking to swipe it on the leg side, ends up dragging it towards short midwicket.
FOUR runs, on a length, into the pads, and he uses all his pace with a deflection wide of square leg for four. He is carrying forward that from from the last game.
1 run, another drop! Look ma, no hands in real life from the RCB fielders. Short on off, and the pull is top-edged to the leg side. Moeen runs in from deep backward square to take a catch, but he slides along the grass and the ball pops out of his hand. Oh dear.
1 run, on a length, straight, pushed into the leg side for one.
1 run, full on the stumps, flicked to midwicket.
SIX runs, goes for six first ball as a full delivery outside off is sliced high over backward point.
1 run, slower ball, back of a length, angling across the stumps. Nudged quietly into the backward square leg region.
FOUR runs, 129 kph, carved over third man for four. Finding their fluency now. It's short and wider outside off, the batsman just slices the ball over short third man, like a tennis slice.
1 run, full and straight, driven to long-on for another one. No intent to take the spinners on. By a captain who didn't bowl his spinners out. Didn't ask his big fast bowler to bowl cutters when he was bowling beamers.
2 runs, short of a length at off stump, pulled strategically between long-on and deep midwicket.
no run, leading edge as he shuffles across and looks to work this to leg. This goes with the angle, and takes the front edge. Safe.
1 run, slower ball, full outside off. Pushed by the batsman towards cover for just a single.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, pushed wide of point for a single.
no run, full ball, towards the pad, and he plays a lap shot, but straight towards the man at short fine leg.
2 runs, full toss on leg, and swiped away to deep backward square. Only two. CSK need two off the final ball.
1 wide, sharp bouncer. You know young kid will be under pressure after one early dot. Now it is two as he slips a quick bouncer in and beats him. Oh this is too high. Called a wide.
1 run, nearly another for the bowler. Leading edge as he closes the face on this legcutter, and it lobs to the left of him. the bowler is reluctant to put in the dive. A dive would have got him the catch.
to Tom Curran, 1 run, short and just outside off, opens the face and runs it to third man's right.
2 runs, good length outside off, and the batsman goes down on one knee to wide long on. They're going for the second run too, and just make it!.
FOUR runs, it doesn't matter if he has to go the bigger part of the ground. He gets under a wide length ball, and crashes it over extra cover for four.
OUT, taken at point! Pandey lunges to his left and plucks a dying ball! the batsman is gone. Big wicket. Slower ball short of a length outside off. Looks to cut and once again can't control that shot. It's sliced and it's falling down on Pandey who leaps to his left and manages to get his fingers under this with both hands.
1 wide, good length and down leg side as he looks to flick that.
OUT, taken by extra cover! the batsman loses his shape and skies an easy one for Rayudu! the bowler wins the battle. Short of a length ball, he gets on the back foot and looks to punch it aerially, but it seems he's too early on it and ends up getting a little under it. Was looking good, had 12 in the over, he won't be pleased with the way he's gone.
no run, inside edge as he falls over driving to drive this full ball from off stump. Was looking to go mid-on, caught that on the pad.
1 run, eases this full toss to long-off.
FOUR runs, sliced over extra cover. Good length outside off, steps out and makes room but can't quite reach the pitch of it. Goes through with the shot anyway and clears the infield with ease.
no run, mistimes the reverse sweep to short third man.
1 run, full just outside off, the drive's not well connected as it's hit to cover.
no run, bit of an inside edge onto the pad as he looked to hoick this over midwicket. Stifled appeal from the bowler.
no run, good length and just outside off, allows it on and stabs it to point's left. Kishan with a leaping stop there.
1 run, backs away to go over cover, but is made to reach out for this as the bowler fires this wide, hit down to long off.
SIX runs, low full toss in line with the stumps, but the batsman somehow flicks it over the square leg boundary, despite there being a man positioned to take a catch.
1 wide, back of a length and sliding down the leg side. the batsman leaves and the extras tick over.
1 leg bye, tries to flick and the ball slides in to lob off the pad into the off side. Missing leg.
(no ball), now a beamer, down leg. Surely a warning. Yes, called no-ball and a free-hit.
1 run, good length on middle stump from around the wicket, with the normal action. the batsman knocks it to long-off.
no run, slower ball, outside the off stump, and he leaves one hand off the handle as he looks to drive. Goes uppishly, but on the bounce towards cover.
1 run, slower in the air, full, legbreak, pushed to long-off for one.
1 run, on a length, middle and leg, worked to leg for another single.
SIX runs, hoicked into the crowd the bowler has had the better of him for three balls and the batsman responds with hoick off a straight length ball over square leg. Stand and deliver.
2 runs, drifting into the pads and he works this into the gap between deep midwicket and deep square.
1 wide, full, wide yorker. Called a wide.
SIX runs, top-edge and the 145 kph bouncer goes into orbit behind the wicketkeeper. the batsman's not the kind to shy away from a fast bowler. No matter how ugly it makes him look. We knew that from 2015. And here too he gets lucky, the pull shot mis-hit but going for six.
1 leg bye, length ball angling into his body, and he works this off his hips to square leg.
no run, length ball on off, driven to extra cover.
1 run, full on the stumps, quietly pushed down to long-on.
no run, good length outside off, left alone.
1 run, looks to slog a full ball, but manages just a single to deep square leg.
SIX runs, on-pace length ball. Why do you bother? De Villiers just stands deep and swings this clean over wide long-off.
3 runs, slower ball outside off, the batsman punched off the backfoot, teases Russell all the way to the boundary, but he keeps it to three.
no run, dropped short and outside off, the batsman goes deep in the crease and chops it straight to backward point.
no run, flat and straight, a thick inside edge into the ground.
2 runs, good length outside off, steps out and punches to sweeper's right.
FOUR runs, overpitched and angling away outside off, the batsman leans into it and caresses a drive through the covers for a first-ball four.
1 run, tucked away off the hip to deep square leg.
1 run, short of a length outside off, opens the face and runs it to third man.
1 run, flat slider on leg, swept to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, bouncer, rose up sharply, and takes his glove to go over the keeper's head for four. He was trying to hook it, but it bounced surprisingly high.
no run, short of a length, outside off, punched to short cover.
FOUR runs, that's very well played. Flat on off, the batsman switches his stance and paddles the scoop over short fine leg. A reverse-paddle scoop. What else, T20s?.
SIX runs, oh how did he do that? Ridiculous ease. This is a good length ball starting outside off and angling away, he has no business clearing long-on. But he does. Steps out, doesn't let that run away from and simply has a flap and gets it off the middle.
OUT, he's not hit this well and has paid the price, straight to mid-on. This was another slower delivery from the bowler, full but way outside off, the batsman looked to hit this straight but ended up dragging it off the toe end. He's done his job though.  There was intent right from the outset.
1 run, legbreak, too short, hit hard to long-off for one.
no run, appeal for lbw as he looks for the reverse sweep against this googly outside off. Rahul says that hit him outside off and turns down the review.
no run, on a length, on the up, but straight to mid-off.
SIX runs, oh a dreamy Buttler-like six. It is like silk. the bowler bowls a wide length ball, the batsman reaches it, opens the face slightly, and drives up and over extra cover. Smooth as.
FOUR runs, leans into the drive and slices it up and over to the square third man boundary. Too much width.
1 run, angled into him from around the stumps, and pushed to cover. They set off for a quick single. There is a shy at the stumps but it misses. Might have been close.
1 run, length outside off, the batsman dances down the wicket to blast it through the off side, mistimes it towards covers.
1 run, it's a wrong 'un again, whipped in the air, one bounce to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, speared outside off, Kishan drags it in the air, Jadeja, who is a few yards in as opposed to staying at the edge of the boundary, can't collect it. Kishan clears him.
no run, another good delivery, nips back from short of a length, takes the batsman on the thigh pad.
FOUR runs, slashed over point. Good length and wide outside off. Gets the front foot stride out and reaches with an open face to lift that over the infield.
OUT, this went really, really high in the air. the batsman has ended up mistiming this pull and Tye takes a superbly judged catch at deep square leg. Looked to fetch it from outside off, this was an effort delivery from the bowler. the batsman got this high on the bat.
1 run, good delivery on the off stump, the batsman pushes for a single as soon as he helps it to mid off.
1 run, back of a length and slanting away outside off, punched away to deep third man.
OUT, bowled him. Lovely ball but the batsman also sightly unlucky to get out to this. Full inswinger, going well down leg, the batsman looks to get out of the way and work this to leg, but the swing beats him and hits his pad and it deflects back a long way to hit the wicket.
1 run, full on off stump, driven along the floor to long-off.
SIX runs, crisp pick-up shot. Sharma too predictable bowling just inswingers, and at his pace he is easy to line up. This one strays into the pads, and the batsman is all wrists with the aerial flick over square leg.
OUT, has he picked the fielder there? Yes, he has. Comes slightly forward and then slogs this Pandya delivery but it sails right into the waiting hands of deep midwicket as he doesn't find the power he's looking for. Cutting didn't have to move an inch. Surely, that counts as a failure for the batsman going by his ridiculous form this season?.
FOUR runs, another fifty, his eighth of the season. And it happens with a late cut. He intends to get the ball fine to the third man boundary, but a thick outside edge helps him out.
FOUR runs, backs away and slices this cut to pick the gap behind point. Lovely timing.
no run, gets this to swing in to him now, and it's jabbed to mid-on.
no run, 141 kph, a low full toss outside off, sliced to short third man. Markande goes flying to his left and stops the ball, to the awe of the crowd.
1 run, yorker on off, the batsman digs it out and steers it to third-man to retain strike.
1 run, another bunt down to third man.
1 run, stays on a length, a touch too straight, punched to mid-on for one.
2 runs, length ball outside off, but angling in slightly. Opens his bat's face and taps it through cover point. Chase for the man in the deep, but he manages to intercept.
1 wide, awry delivery! Waist-high on middle stump and goes down the leg side. More extras.
2 runs, full ball, on the pads, and he whips this away towards deep midwicket. Played softly enough to require Shami at backward square leg to run diagonally across to his left, and they take two.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, jumps inside the line and deflects it to third man's left.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off but angling in. He opens the bat's face and guides it down to third man.
FOUR runs, low full toss outside off, and this time the batsman drives it over extra cover. Off the bat's toe end, but still finds the gap past wide long off. Sharma misses the yorker-length, and is punished by Watto on this occasion.
no run, good length just outside off. Stands tall and punches straight to cover. Ends with a dot.
2 runs, smashes that uppishly over the covers but Cutting chases it towards the boundary and slides to keep it to two.
1 run, good length outside off, but it's the offcutter. Cramped for room, and manages to only muscle it towards cover. The mistimed shot actually allows them to take the single with ease.
2 runs, in the blockhole, angling in towards off stump, clipped through square leg and the fielder running to his left from deep backward square leg fumbles.
no run, length ball just outside off, driven on the up to mid-off.
2 runs, turns this between deep midwicket and wide long-on. Pant hurried the batsman to complete the second there. Good judgment.
1 run, wide length ball, dabbed to third man for one.
1 run, short ball at middle stump, gets on his back knee and flat-bats this to deep backward square.
1 run, full toss on middle and leg, punched to long-on.
no run, length outside off, slight width on offer, the batsman punched it straight to point.
1 run, really full on middle, 139.7ks, the batsman ventures down the track and drills a single down to long-on.
1 run, good length at middle stump, tossed up slow. Gets down for the sweep and it's off the top edge and into the short fine leg region.
FOUR runs, ramp to a low full toss, for a moment it seems he has picked the wrong man, the mountain called Nortje, at short fine, but it clears him by inches.
1 run, slaps this length ball to long-off, didn't get the timing on that.
1 run, length and wide outside off, looks to slap that on the rise and mistimes towards mid-off.
1 run, good length outside off, forced down to long-on for one.
2 runs, short of a length just outside off, slanted across the left-hander who slices it to third man's left.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, short-arm pull to deep square leg for one.
1 run, a whirl of the wrists sends a length ball against the angle across him to deep midwicket. He's good at hitting, this guy, he's just been waiting for the right time.
2 runs, down the track and smashes it hard, the bowler gets his boot in the way but it still carries almost all the way to the straight boundary where Pollard from long-on cuts it off.
1 run, a length delivery outside off is swung away to deep midwicket, it shapes away again.
1 run, Pandey again, but this time he drops it! Full on off, and the batsman went through with the golf swing. Hit it well, and looked like it was gonna go over long on, but Pandey jumped, took the catch, and then threw it back in since he was falling over. Tried to return and complete the catch, but the ball falls short. He threw the ball back in with just a bit too much power. Saves five runs nonetheless. Time out.
1 run, back of a length down leg, clipped to square leg for a run.
1 run, nicely bowled, the line is better, so is the length. It's wider outside off, turning in. But the batsman drives effortlessly to long-on.
no run, on a length, on off, defended back to him.
1 run, and a nudged single means he keeps the strike.
SIX runs, the top-edged pull waaaay over fine leg. Short on middle and leg, the batsman looks to pull, but gets a thick leading edge which flies over the fielder.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, pushed to point.
no run, length, and turns away from him as he looks to stretch and defends this. Beaten all ends up!.
no run, on a length, outside off, on-pace, pushed to cover.
no run, full on middle, and turning away from the batsman. Sticks his bat out and taps it to point.
FOUR runs, length on middle, the batsman makes room and punches it through the covers, not trying to hit it too hard, just times it and it races to the fence.
SIX runs, goes full, but it doesn't matter. Lofted through the line, stunning use of the bottom hand, clean striking. Just above the sightscreen this time. Some attack this against the top dog in T20 cricket.
1 run, back of a length outside off, looks to slap it through the covers, the angle makes him hit it towards mid-off off the inside half of the bat. Pollard's too deep again to prevent the single.
FOUR runs, the batsman with another aerial off-drive. Kishna is just a touch too full, allowing him to play the shot. Over mid-off he goes.
no run, length outside off, comes forward to block but gets beaten as it spins big.
no run, bouncer to end the over, and the batsman ducks it.
1 wide, slower ball but slips this way outside off, left alone.
FOUR runs, wrong'un, outside edge, and Kohli beaten at slip. Many odd things in one ball. the batsman plays inside the line of this, it doesn't turn enough, and the outside edge flies past Kohli's left.
1 run, pitched up and outside off, driven down to mid-off.
1 run, fuller on the stumps now, pushed down to long-on.
2 runs, full and just outside off, stands tall and whips this off the back foot to long-off's left. All hands, that shot.
FOUR runs, clubbed stand and delivery by Dre Russ. Back of a length and wide outside off, he threw his hands at it and sent it powering through extra cover.
no run, short of length and into middle stump, punched to midwicket's left off the back foot.
1 run, punches this down to long of as he jogs the single.
SIX runs, smoked. Short of a length at off stump and he takes a couple of steps down before swiping from underneath it. On the rise, over the square leg boundary.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven to sweeper cover.
1 run, gets forward and drives sweetly to long-off.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, the batsman skips down and hits it towards long-on, once again not timed well.
1 run, tossed up at middle stump, backs into the leg side and drives to long-off.
1 wide, slower ball outside off, out of his reach, but called wide.
1 run, short and angled across, a bit of extra bounce as he slaps it off the upper portion of the bat to deep backward point.
SIX runs, the bowler can't nail his lengths but the batsman keeps nailing his shots. Dug short on middle, not short enough. the batsman launches a pull over the backward square leg boundary. the bowler ends with 4-0-49-0 on IPL debut.
1 leg bye, thuds the thigh pad as Dhawan looks to whip this square, they scamper a leg bye.
SIX runs, Super the batsman! Short on middle, and he gets his front leg out of the way before swinging through the ball's line. Tonks it over cow corner for half-a-dozen.
no run, good length and wide outside off at 143.9kph. Lets it go and they smile at each other as Jofra follows through.
1 run, flat-bats this short ball to long on.
1 run, full, on off, hit wide of long-on for one.
1 run, bouncer over middle stump, rises quite steeply, controls the pull well, keeps it on the ground through square leg.
OUT, right through the batsman! The purplecap holder strikes gold! This is a knuckleball that comes back in to beat the inside edge and flatten off stump.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, looks to pull, gets it off the toe-end to long-on.
1 run, slower ball on middle, mistimed pull to midwicket.
FOUR runs, another slower ball, it's full and the batsman picks it to flick it with those mighty wrists, it's going fast towards the midwicket boundary where Billing dives to keep it in, but the ball is rolling towards the boundary again and we have the third umpire looking at it. Looks like Billings' fingers touched the boundary when he tried to keep it in for the second time.
no run, pushed back to the bowler.
no run, pinpoint yorker, on leg stump, dipping on him. the batsman can inly dig it out back to the bowler.
1 run, length on leg stump, tickled to fine leg off the thigh guard.
no run, seam-up, full and outside off, driven through the line to the covers.
FOUR runs, oh hello! Hello the batsman Sharma. Jumps down, meets this full ball at the pitch and drills it straight over the bowler. Confident stuff that, superbly executed.
FOUR runs, the batsman is matching Rahul shot for shot. He backs away outside leg and fiercely drills it past the left of Umesh and right of mid-off.
1 run, good length just outside off, chopped off the back foot to third man.
no run, length on off stump, hurriedly pushed back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, speared very full just a shade outside off, the batsman jumps outside leg and looks to cart it through the covers. Instead, he toe-ends it away to the left of DK behind the stumps and right of short third man. Fortunate four.
1 run, full around off, drilled very hard down to long-on.
no run, good length and just outside off, keeps the front leg clear and drills this on the up to mid-off.
1 run, good length on middle, and angling into his body. Mistimes the pull, and trickles down to fine leg.
1 run, slower short ball, cut away but straight to deep point. Only the single. Another excellent over from RR. Just 13 off the last two overs.
1 run, bunts this down towards deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, lifts it past the bowler who is swaying away from it. the batsman hasn't connected this as well as he might have liked. Ends up slicing it a touch, but he's got right to pitch of length ball.
1 run, full on leg stump, flicked to long-on's right.
FOUR runs, brings up fifty with a calm whip to long-on's right. It's a low full toss on leg stump and he leans in and makes full use of that. No chance for the fielder.
1 run, good length on middle, steps out and tucks it through midwicket.
2 runs, short again and pulled once more towards deep midwicket, two more to the total.
FOUR runs, swatted to the backward square boundary. Fine leg and square leg were in the circle, and this short cutter turns nicely into middle and leg. the batsman reaches out and puts that away.
FOUR runs, full around the fourth-stump channel, clears the front leg and carves it over the in-field to knock it a couple of bounces over the point boundary.
FOUR runs, top shot. Half-volley, just outside off, and the batsman has been staying leg-side of deliveries anyway. he drives this between mid-off and extra cover.
1 wide, attempted offcutter, good length, but very wide.
OUT, the zing bails have lit up! Overpitched on leg stump, and almost a yorker from the bowler. Dhawan tries to defend but the ball sneaks under his bat. Hits his back leg, and then crashes into the base of off stump. Sunrisers lose their openers.
1 run, fuller and flatter and wide outside off this time. Nice adjustment. the batsman steps out again but can only drag along the floor to long-on.
1 run, length on middle, pant pushes it to long-on.
1 run, right into the blockhole, squeezed down to long on.
FOUR runs, overpitched outside off, and the batsman is on his way with a crisp drive between the non-striker's legs and to the right of mid-off.
no run, flat, length ball, angling in, pushed to cover.
1 run, fuller outside off, and Parthiv has just smashed it back towards Stoinis, who reacts quickly get his hand in front of his right shoulder. The ball ricochets towards extra cover and the batsmen complete a single. Stoinis is hurt though and the physio is tending to him.
1 run, length on off, another googly, pushed to long-off.
2 wide, fired down leg, the batsman misses the fine paddle, they scamper a leg bye as the ball rolls to short fine leg.
1 run, looks for the blockhole at 140 kph, the batsman clears his front leg and inside edges his slog to square leg.
no run, tossed up outside off, gets more of this with a reverse sweep, but he finds point this time.
SIX runs, that is some swat Short ball outside off and he stands tall to slap it over extra cover. Such great timing that it carries all the way.
1 run, flat offbreak turning towards middle stump, goes deep in his crease and punches to long-on.
1 run, length and slowed down at middle stump. Gently tucked through midwicket.
no run, full and outside off, forward and driven through the line to cover.
1 wide, back of a length on leg stump, and the batsman allows the ball to soar over his head. Wide called by umpire Nandan.
1 run, yorker on leg stump, and all he can do is bunt it down the ground. Just one ball left.
1 run, good length outside off, and sharp spin into the batsman's body. Too close to his body for the cut, and that's been bottom edged.
no run, a slower length ball outside off, the batsman was looking to give himself some room and in the end cannot reach to the ball.
no run, beauty first up. Snakes back in from length to kiss the outside edge?  Hardik reviews immediately.  the bowler the only one to appeal for this one.  There's a small little disturbance, can't really call it a spike.  Nothing conclusive, so the decision has been overturned. Kohli has a word with umpire Nitin Menon, more like letting out his frustration.
no run, non-turning offbreak on off, the batsman presses forward and smothers it.
no run, slower ball on off, holds in the surface, the batsman pushes at it with hard hands but the aerial drive just eludes the bowler to his left in his follow through.
1 run, full toss, and he goes inside out. Bhuvneshwar Kumar lets this one slip through his hands, fielding at cover.
2 runs, full on leg stump, flicked through vacant square leg.
no run, signs of a slow surface, but it's very slow from the bowler too, on middle and leg, wants to hit to cover, hits to the bowler.
1 wide, down the legside and he will have to rebowl that.
no run, nearly played on. He looks to open the face on this, but it jabs back a little to take the bottom edge. His feet save him from getting bowled.
1 run, on a length, middle and leg, pushed into the leg side.
1 run, flighted outside off, driven to deep cover for one.
no run, short and wide outside off, looks to cut and is beaten.
no run, beats him outside off with the turn again, turns him square.
FOUR runs, full and straight, pushed wide of mid-on, and Bumrah's dive there is sloppy. Not sure if he has got a bad bounce. Gone for four.
1 run, fullish and outside off, he blocks to point and says no for the run, but Ashwin pulls him through.
1 run, length, slider just outside off. Driven on the up to sweeper.
1 run, full and just outside off, jammed to mid-on's right.
1 run, flatter, no turn, he punches firmly wide of mid off and takes a single.
1 run, goes across and works this to deep square leg from middle stump. And we'll have a strategic time-out.
1 run, full and angled in, pushed to deep midwicket to get Russell on strike.
no run, short of a length, angled across, blocked to point.
1 run, gentle dab into the gap at point for an easy single.
1 run, yrker. Middle and leg, dug out towards mid-on for a single.
no run, full, and very wide outside off. Attempts a front-foot drive but can't connect. The ball's just inside the tramlines.
1 run, leading edge lands safely in the off side. Was looking to slog this googly from middle stump.
no run, full and just a shade outside off, driven to mid-off.
no run, short of length outside off, forehands it towards mid-off, hardly any timing on it.
1 run, slower ball, back of a length outside off, and he mistimes a cut to point.
FOUR runs, half-volley and hammered wide of mid off! He leaned back and smoked this past cover! He is in some form here.
no run, length on off, pushed to extra cover off the front foot.
FOUR runs, mis-hit. Again. It's a full toss on middle and he goes across the line and lifts this in long-on's direction but Morris, running in, can't get there or get his body behind to stop it.
1 run, on a length, outside off, pushed wide of mid-off for one.
no run, short and angling away outside off, the batsman leans back and punches it crisply into the covers.
1 bye, a good short slower ball, CdG misses it. Goswami fumbles and Sarfraz runs through. Good from him.
FOUR runs, freebie! Full toss on off, and the batsman backs away to thump it over cover! Wide long off does not bother moving an inch.
(no ball) 1 run, backs away and forces this length ball wide of cover.  Oh, dear. Has he overstepped? Freehit  This is a ridiculous call for no-ball, clearly had half a foot  behind the line.  KN Ananthapadmanabhan  is the umpire. Curran and KKR have seen it on the big screen and have asked for the decision to be overturned, but the umpires can't do that according to the rule book. This is ridiculous.  Michael Clarke on air calls this a disgrace .
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, full on leg stump, and that's been clipped off his toes to deep backward square. Single for the taking, but Pollard refuses. The big man wants the strike for the final over.
1 run, stays full, just short of the slot, and is pushed for one to long-off.
no run, short of a good length outside off, punched to extra cover off the back foot.
no run, length outside off, not much bounce this time, the batsman lets it through to the keeper.
no run, ooh better ball, dips on him and spins away, beats his attempted steer.
FOUR runs, pays the price with the extra ball! Full on off stump, and the batsman shuffles towards the off side. Gets behind the line of the ball, and plays a glorious straight drive past the non-striker to end the over.
FOUR runs, length ball, and he backs away and smashes this straight down the ground. There's a mid off, but he has no chance to stop this!.
1 run, good length at off, steps out and punches to long-off.
1 run, the bowler continues to slow it down. Now he has the extra cover back, and the batsman takes a single.
no run, full at off stump, driven off the front foot to mid-off.
1 run, good length on leg stump, clipped towards long-on and that is fifty for the batsman. A welcome one for him in what has been a wretched season so far. But this is the kind of chase the batsman is made for, and he's done the job so far.
2 runs, chopped to deep backward point's right. QDK was shaping for the ramp over short fine, Lungi pushed it wide outside off. He coped. To put it mildly.
OUT, falls for 49! Good length on middle, and the batsman punches this too soon. The ball stuck up after pitching, forcing the error from the batsman, and the bowler dives to his left to take a one-handed stunner.
FOUR runs, strong wrists to clear cover. He has picked the spot, which is over extra cover, but he is cramped for room, and unfurls the wrists to get the required power to clear the man in the ring.
1 run, length ball outside off, slashed to cover off an under-edge.
1 run, wrong'un, full, middle and leg, driven to long-on for one.
no run, full and in at off stump, tapped straight to mid-off.
(no ball) SIX runs, and pumped way over midwicket! And it is another no ball! Dropped short and he pulls this viciously.
1 run, 99kph, into leg stump, he whips this firmly to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, clears long-on. Another knuckle ball outside off, the batsman looks to muscle that over midwicket but he can only splice it. Such is the power of the batsman that it clears the fielder easily.
1 run, down the leg side, and it's worked to short fine leg. Gayle fumbles a bit and they get one easily.
SIX runs, there it goes! High into the night sky. Up into the second tier above long-on. And all the batsman does is clear the front leg and give it the full swing. Jeez, how much power does he have?.
1 run, so easy for the batsman. Short and wide outside off, cut away towards cover who half-stops it. the batsman wants two but Kohli thinks maybe now now.
1 run, short, swivels and pulls to deep midwicket.
1 bye, beaten on the under-edge this time. Length ball swung away, he expects that to bounce a little more than it did. Slams into the sand in front of Rahul and he can't gather cleanly.
no run, slightly better, short outside off, bunted back to the bowler.
1 run, short of a good length, sliding onto the corridor. Mistimed chop into the covers.
no run, strays down leg but is not called for a wide. the batsman is surprised.
SIX runs, gets to the pitch of the ball and clobbers this over wide long-on. Got so close, so it didn't matter if the delivery was a legspinner or a googly. Stunning blow, pure muscle.
no run, quick legbreak, takes the leading edge of de Villiers's bat to short cover. Bounces in front, though.
2 runs, turns this gently with the spin towards deep fine leg, lazy effort in the deep. Should've just been one.
1 run, slog-sweeps the wide delivery to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, that's the win! Low full toss and he smashes it through to the extra cover boundary and celebrates with a fist-pump! The Holkar Stadium is roaring. They've been chanting his name all through the death overs but now it's an incoherent scream of joy. The home team has won, and it's on the back of a sensational innings.
1 run, short at middle stump, pulled straight to deep square.
no run, a bit of width! Full and wide, the ball moving further away. the batsman mis-times a drive towards extra cover.
SIX runs, three in three! the batsman is turning the clock back here! Another drag down, the batsman rocks back and launches it over long-on.
1 run, on the pads, worked away into the leg side for one.
FOUR runs, back of a length and more width outside off, the batsman throws his hands at the ball again and connects well this time. Scythed up and over point for four.
no run, inside edge onto his pads. Fullish on off, and Kishan presses forward to defend. Takes the inside-half of his bat and hits him near the gut.
1 run, flighted, slower in the air, uses soft hands to place this wide of short cover for one.
no run, edged to first slip! But goes to the fielder on the bounce. Pitches outside off, and spins into the batsman.
1 run, full outside off, driven along the ground to long-off.
1 run, back to the yorker, dug out to long-off for one.
1 run, full ball, and he flicks this from outside off towards deep midwicket. Can only go through for one here.
no run, another short ball, this time he sways out of the way.
1 run, yorker. Nicely done. No room at all this time and he jams it out to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, top-edge sails away to the boundary behind him. Well, that's one way to do it.
1 wide, wide length ball, too wide.
1 run, some bite off the deck for Jaddu, Axar gets a thick inside edge to deep square.
no run, short of a length, holds its line, hits him high on the pad.
2 runs, full and straight, and he misses the run-out of Rayudu. Rayudu charges back for the second, but Rahane's throw from long-off is slightly slow. the bowler can't gather it.
1 run, the drifter! Full on middle, keeps coming in, takes the inside edge of a big heave, away towards square leg.
1 run, slowed down the pace again, fullish outside off, but the batsman waits for it this time and strokes it between cover and extra cover.
2 runs, makes room to try to go over extra cover. The length ball sort of stops at him, and the toe end clears extra cover for a couple.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, around, cutting away, gets a single to deep cover.
2 runs, tossed up on off, goes down on one knee and swings blindly, gets a top edge between short fine-leg and short third-man for two.
FOUR runs, full just outside off, and that's been whipped! Great use of the wrists, and placed excellently to the cow-corner region.
1 run, starts with a carrom ball. Just short of a length, and the batsman mis-hits this pull to long-on for one.
no run, oh nearly pulls off a blinder. Landed on his hip in the process and he's down trying to gather his breath. It was a good ball that the batsman didn't pick at all, a legcutter. Good length and at middle. He was looking to punch to long-on and got a leading edge. the bowler flew to his left and hung for a moment as he got his left hand on it. Just couldn't hold on.
FOUR runs, eased away for four. A slower ball outside off, Rohit just times that drive past cover, like he's batting in the nets against net bowlers.
FOUR runs, pitched up from round the wicket, jams the bat down  and squeezes out four through backward square leg! Bit streaky, but KXIP will take 'em. the bowler concedes his first runs.
FOUR runs, full just outside off, and driven with the legspin past cover. Long off tries to run to his left, but can't stop it from finding the boundary.
1 run, length outside off, steered to third-man.
1 run, slower length ball pitching on leg stump, angling across towards off. Clipped away along the ground through backward square leg.
FOUR runs, crunched off the backfoot. Back of a length and enough width on offer, didn't have to move anything other than his arms that come down in a hurry.
SIX runs, oh the batsman loves the pick-up shot. The first time the bowler has veered off the straight length ball. Just short of a length, and the batsman gets inside its line to pick it up over square leg for a six.
SIX runs, the batsman slogs, and slogs this out of the screws. Gets close to a wide length ball, and goes over midwicket. Incredible shot but he needs to do this more often.
no run, 138 kph, his quickest one so far, good length on the stumps and hurries on to the batsman, who jabs it down towards gully.
(no ball), slower ball beamer! Tries to go for the yorker, but this one is aimed at the batsman's head. Manages to duck under it.
OUT, the bowler wins the battle against the batsman, but he has Keemo Paul, Amit Mishra and perhaps even Ricky Bhui to thank! Slower ball on middle, held in the surface, the batsman tried to go over mid-off, who was in the circle but only had to take a couple of steps back to take and significantly dent SRH's chances.
no run, good length and sliding on at middle stump. Defended on the front foot.
FOUR runs, whoops, another error in length from the bowler. He overpitched one to the batsman, now he feeds him a slower ball that ends up as a friendly knee-high full-toss on off stump. the batsman punches it stylishly down the ground, between the stumps and the non-striker, and holds his pose, right elbow nice and high.
2 runs, a slower one around off, Moeen swings it over the bowler's head, doesn't get the power behind it.
no run, good length patted into the offside.
no run, dangled up slow outside off, turns away from the batsman again. Slogs across the line and fails to connect.
no run, full and swinging away from outside off, beaten as he looks to squeeze behind point.
1 run, short at middle stump, gets big on him as he looks to punch through midwicket. Inside edge onto thigh and into the off side.
FOUR runs, flat and powerful. Pitched right up to the batsman with the gift of room, and he shovels it straight over the bowler's head after freeing his arms.
1 run, good length and just outside off. Hangs deep in the crease and shapes for the cut, but it doesn't turn too much. Pokes into the covers.
1 run, googly, but it's also a long-hop, but it doesn't get the punishment it probably deserves because there's a man back at deep forward square leg to keep it down to one.
1 run, leading edge goes over the bowler. It's a back-of-the-hand slower ball that loops in at middle stump. De Villiers gets it on the full but he hasn't picked it. His flick ends up at mid-off.
SIX runs, the bowler shows some heart but not sure it is wise here. He flights it up again, and the batsman nonchalantly lofts this over long-off, and it is huge. Hits the top of the grandstand.
no run, straightens after pitching! Beautiful. Full on off, and the batsman tried to defend it straight. Played down the wrong line as the ball turns across his bat. Sharply collected by KL.
FOUR runs, on-pace, short of a length, not much room, but the batsman leans back to cut him between point and short third man for four more.
no run, short of a length, outside off, punched to point.
1 run, short of length, turns it to midwicket off the back foot.
no run, length and angling across the Parthiv, who walks towards the ball and looks to loft it on the leg side, misses.
no run, short and wide outside off. Slashes and is beaten on the upper cut.
1 run, nudges a shortish delivery outside off to long-on.
no run, back of length on a fourth-stump line, defended.
1 run, whips a leg-stump yorker out to long-off. Is it just me or is the batsman tiring a bit?. He's not holding his shape as much as he used to early on.
no run, the bowler's back, and he starts with a gem of a delivery just outside off that bursts off the track and past the batsman's outside edge - yet another play-and-miss.
2 runs, slower ball, short of a length, the batsman crunches a pull to deep backward square leg where Tripathi dives and nearly fumbles to push it away towards the boundary but recovers and does well to get a hand and pull it back.
no run, another slower ball, length outside off, the batsman was looking for the slap through the off side but ends up under-edging towards leg gully.
no run, short and sharply angling into the body of the batsman, he flicks it to the right of midwicket. Rayudu eyes up a single, some miscommunication, but Rayudu undoes his steps in time.
no run, slower legcutter, full and straight, hits the pad, but not given lbw. Might be sliding down.
no run, length ball, jabbed towards mid-off.
2 runs, gets outside the line of the stumps and paddles this down to fine leg.
no run, struck on the pad as he gets squared up. This looks very good actually, but no one interested. Did that pitch outside? He was looking to defend on the leg stump line and was completely lost as it hooped away.
OUT, slower ball outside off and that ends an innings that has done SRH's chances more harm than good, looked to smash it into oblivion, ended up top edging it to point's left.
2 runs, slower ball, played with soft hands, into the bigger part of the field, takes a couple.
SIX runs, glorious! Full, just outside off, and he simply lifts this over long off! So what if it's nearly 148kph? the batsman picked that length up perfectly.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven to cover's right and a fumble from him. Looks like Curran got an awkward bounce.
1 run, yorker, and he digs it down to deep midwicket.
no run, this is a knuckleball outside off, the batsman absolutely drills this on the bounce to Yuvraj at mid off.
1 run, good length and sliding onto the pad as he gets down for the sweep. Big lbw appeal from Rashid, but that pitched outside leg.
1 run, drilled down to long-off for one.
1 run, flatter around off, pushes and gets an inside edge towards square leg.
1 run, flighted on leg stump, and Dhawan pushes it nochalantly to the long-on region. Comfortable single.
FOUR runs, a slower ball is scythed away through point for four. He carves the ball towards Cutting at cover point. He gets a hand on it, but the ball takes his hand en route to the boundary.
1 run, turns this wide of the bowler into the leg side for a quick single.
no run, fullish length around off, drilled off the inside part of the bat towards midwicket.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, waits on it and cuts it past backward point.
no run, full outside off, reaches out and chops straight to backward point.
1 run, the batsman rides the bounce of this 137.6ks short ball outside off and glides it down to third man.
FOUR runs, ramped past short fine. A step into the leg, then into the off side. Classic Karun the batsman. the bowler attempts another offcutter, it's a full toss and he jabs at this late and gets the bat in the right position.
1 run, short outside off, and he's quick to swivel and pull. Dragged from way outside off, sent to the deep midwicket boundary.
2 runs, slower ball again. Back of a length outside off, and mistimes the pull again. Comes off the bat's bottom-half and trickles away towards midwicket. The lack of pace behind that shot allows him to come back for another run.
1 run, a slower ball outside off, 113 kph, sliced to point. A diving save again.
1 wide, full toss on leg stump, but going down the leg side again. Gotta reload, but the batsman's disappointed not getting any bat on it.
1 run, full and straight, doesn't turn, runs off the inside half of the bat for one.
1 run, full on the pads, the batsman dances down the wicket and pushes it with the angle to deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, onto the back foot, front leg in the air as he whips to deep square's left.
1 run, length ball on middle and leg, tucked away behind square leg for a single.
1 run, legbreak, middle and off, turning away, pushed to long-on for one.
nan
1 wide, round arm delivery, sliding leg side as Dhawan flicks at it and misses  They check for the stumping, but his foot was always grounded. Just a wide.
SIX runs, swatted over midwicket. Short at middle stump, back in the crease and an easy swipe across the line of that. 90 metres.
no run, length, and he presses forward and gets an inside edge on to his pads.
no run, should have been wide again! Slow and wide outside off, the batsman missed his lofted drive but the ball spun past the tramline. That's two runs KKR should have got.
FOUR runs, flat-batted over the bowler. Short of a length at middle stump, gets the front leg away and hammers this on the up. A slap to clear the bowler.
1 run, slower ball, full outside off, and he tries to loft this over mid-off. Slices the shot over point instead.
OUT, that defied the laws of Physics! Full on leg stump, and the batsman got down on one knee to ramp it over fine leg. Takes the leading edge, and goes to wait for it point.
FOUR runs, beautiful dances down the track and converts this back of length ball into almost a half-volley outside off and drives through cover with a punchy sound, splitting the fielders perfectly.
no run, short, cuts back into him, and Karthik and the bowler go up in appeal for caught behind. It's been given not out, and they have reviewed this. The foot is fine, and it comes back into him, and bat and ball are quite close as the ball goes through after cutting him in half virtually. There's probably some part of the trouser that it has brushed, but has it also taken the bat or glove? This is a tricky one for the TV umpire Rod Tucker. Given not out.
FOUR runs, ah, that's too wide. The googly and wide outside off, sliced away through point for four. Picks a slim gap.
no run, lovely slower ball first up. the batsman totally flummoxed and beaten outside off.
1 run, second yorker in a row, and this time the off-stump line forces the batsman to stop skipping around. Mistimes his drive to cover.
1 run, bit more orthodox this time, worked with the spin to the leg side.
1 wide, too short, too wide and that's outside the tram line, will have to be bowled again.
no run, too full, on middle and leg, comes forward and smothers it.
no run, 135.9kmh, ducks for the short ball and takes it on the shoulder. Hardik banged it in short and maybe the batsman picked the length a bit late and ducked late and took his eyes off the ball while ducking.
1 run, full on middle stump, gets the front leg across and nails the drive. Sarfaraz lunges low at midwicket to keep that to one.
1 bye, beauty that nips away late from length to miss the outside edge. KL Rahul is beaten by the zip on this and fumbles as they take a bye.
no run, yorker on middle, squeezed back to the bowler.
(no ball) 1 run, no ball and the batsman has leathered this through extra cover. There's a fielder, but it's a free hit coming up!.
1 run, works away a fuller one off the inside of the bat to deep backward square leg.
1 run, length ball outside off, he's not bowling any of them at normal pace. Swatted across the line, gets it off the bottom half of the bat to long-on.
no run, googly, not picked, he tried to drive and was deceived, it hit the splice of the bat.
no run, good length and in at off stump, punched on the rise to mid-off.
FOUR runs, smashed fractionally short of a length outside off and he spotted it so early, was on the back foot and unleashes a peachy cut that screams across the turf.
1 run, full on the pads, clipped away to deep squareleg for one.
1 leg bye, very full and angling in, the batsman misses the flick, deflected off the thigh pad for one.
1 run, shortish outside off, there's room and he scythes it to deep point.
2 runs, slowr ball again, 109ks, on a length, middle and leg, pushed into the leg side for an easy two.
no run, pushed through fast outside off, swipes and misses.
1 run, another away-swinger. Looks like that knuckle-ball seam-up floater. Gets a bottom edge on it. Single to short third man.
no run, shorter outside off, he tries to dab fine but Kishan sticks his foot out to block it.
1 run, good length and just outside off, mistimed drive on the rise to mid-off's right.
no run, short of a length and just outside off, chopped to backward point.
no run, quick, on a length, just outside off, sliding in, pushed to cover.
FOUR runs, drifting into the pads, the batsman flicks this past an ageing Yusuf, who fails to get there running back from midwicket. A slightly-more agile fielder would've stopped it on the dive.
1 run, yorker outside off, finally finds the the spot and squeezed away to deep cover, this time the batsman takes one.
1 run, goes back, the bowler fires this in, worked to leg for one.
1 run, pulled away to deep backward square for one more.
FOUR runs, short again, but angled into the body this time, neatly flicked off his hip to fine leg.
no run, short and wide outside off. Slashes and misses.
1 run, a full, wide delivery is awkwardly slogged to long-on for one.
no run, short of length outside off, goes for the pull, gets an inside edge that just evades the stumps, dribbles towards short fine leg.
FOUR runs, lovely wrists. Offcutter, short of a length and cutting away from off. Gets on top of the bounce before closing the face and whips it to the long leg boundary.
no run, steered straight to point.
1 run, looks to go over cover, gets a thick inside edge down to long-on. This time, he was made to really stretch, didn't get to the pitch either.
FOUR runs, shot! That is crisp. Short of a length with some shape away and he gets his weight right onto the back foot and punches it between cover and extra.
no run, good length outside off, chopped to extra cover.
no run, very full and darted onto the pads, picked off to short fine leg.
1 run, yorker, dug out, back to Tewatia.
1 run, slower ball on middle and leg, Dhawan waits for the ball to arrive, then  tucks it away to square leg.
no run, good length, around off, pushed back to the bowler. Very tidy bowling.
OUT, edged and gone. A slower ball from the bowler, the knuckle ball outside off. the batsman slogs but all he manages is a thick leading edge, which is easily taken by Rahul. A timely strike because it also gets a new batsman in.
no run, a leading edge to cover-point! He just poked at a well pitch leg break that slid on but it went along the ground into the off side.
1 run, good length on middle stump, punched to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, back of a length on middle, and pulled to Krunal at deep midwicket. the batsman goes off strike.
1 wide, full, fast and wide. Too wide.
no run, good length outside off, gets low for the sweep wide outside off, cops it on the pad.
1 run, a full wide delivery outside off, driven to long-off for one. Could not get under the length of that.
1 run, nicely bowled - low and dipping delivery on the pads, Dhawan just about tickles it to short fine leg.
1 run, a full delivery outside off, the batsman gets right across and uses his bottom hand to whip the ball towards wide long-on for a single.
1 run, fired into the stumps, squeezed to long on.
1 run, flatter, shorter, punched to long-on for one.
no run, knuckle ball, swerves back in but the batsman picks it, waits for it and defends it back to the bowler.
no run, big lifter on off from over the stumps, the bowler forces the batsman to duck under it.
1 run, short of a length on off stump, dabbed to short third man.
1 run, back of a length, sliding in, tucked to backward square leg.
1 run, looks to slog at a length ball, gets the inside half of the bat for a single to deep midwicket.
1 wide, too short, way over the batsman's head. Easy call for wide.
no run, nudged to midwicket from the back foot.
FOUR runs, length ball, and he swings this towards the unprotected deep midwicket fence.
1 run, length around off, Parthiv moves back and across and looks to thwack it towards midwicket, too full for that as he mistimes it towards long-on.
1 run, mis-hit down to long-off for a single.
OUT, comes down the wicket, and yorks himself! Terrific bowling, and a big wicket given how well the batsman has been striking it. Turns sharply from wide of the crease, and beats his outside edge as the batsman advances and tries to drive down the ground. Hits the top of off, and Siraj, I would imagine, heaves the biggest sigh of relief imaginable. The Chinnaswamy throbs in anticipation again.
1 run, slices it but no one to take it as it lands near short midwicket! the batsman can't get the hook away against a quick bouncer. It looks like Umesh has pulled something in his leg, because this wasn't too far from him for the catch. He couldn't get anywhere near it.
no run, nice flight and dip outside off. A legbreak with more overspin than sidespin, and Suryakumar plays a checked drive back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, short-arm jab! Full on middle, and he picks this from near his toes and deposits it into the wide long-on fence.
no run, full and wide outside off, the ball swinging away. The ball goes past the batsman's hard drive. There won't be many easy catches with this form of batting.
1 run, skiddy. Some swing too. Good length outside off, the ball moving in. the batsman chops a punch into the ground, towards gully.
no run, beaten on the drive. Full outswinger outside off. steps out and looks to drill that through/over the mid-off region as it floats past his edge.
1 run, too close to that! BOOO! Full and straight, the batsman comes down and hits to long-on. All along the ground.
SIX runs, banged in short and outside off, top-edged and it's a six at Wankhede. Banged in with extra effort, Faf hooks and skies it over deep square.
no run, length at off stump, defended towards midwicket off the inside half of the bat.
1 run, good length on the stumps, the batsman goes back and flicks it to square leg.
1 run, length on off, the batsman backs away slightly and opens the face of the bat to bisect point and short third-man for another couple.
1 run, survives a run-out chance at the non-striker's end. Good length and just outside off, punched to straight extra cover's right and takes off. the batsman's bat stop as he slides it at the other end. A direct hit would have had him. Vijay Shankar the fielder with a one-handed pick up and throw.
SIX runs, glorious. Full ball, pushed through, again, quite quick. Plants the leg slightly inside the line and lofts it straight over the bowler like he's getting throwdowns.
1 run, too full, half-volley on the pads, and clipped to deep square leg with his wrists.
1 wide, overpitched, slower ball outside off. the batsman tries to drive away from his body but is foxed by the pace. The umpire feels it's a wide.
1 run, slower one at 114.5kmh on the stumps, he walks across and flicks wide of long-on.
1 run, dropped short on middle stump, pulled along the ground to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, off the inside half but enough on this. It's straight once more and that's what gets him the runs. Slower and turning a touch, but the straight loft beats long-on to his right.
no run, it's very full again, around off. the batsman clears his front leg and powers a drive to cover, all along the ground.
OUT, KL Rahul holds on! the bowler wheeling away in the leg side. The camera cuts to the Capitals dugout and you will not spot a smile there. Length ball slanted across the corridor, looks to club it into the leg side, gets a leading edge that is at a comfortable catching height for the keeper.
FOUR runs, finally gets the ramp away. He's been itching to get inside the line and hit NCN to the fine leg boundary. Finally gets a length ball coming into him from the corridor, and he's in position and gets that away.
1 run, flicks a length ball against the turn through midwicket.
no run, flat on off, and turning away from the batsman. Flat-batted back to the bowler off the back foot.
1 run, flicks this down to deep midwicket.
1 run, down the pitch again, think the bowler saw him coming, pushes the delivery to long-on.
1 run, yorker at middle stump, jammed down to long-on.
1 run, slower ball, and he angles this across him from around the wicket, and the batsman gets it down towards third man.
FOUR runs, oh, shot. Falls over as he shuffles across and paddles it away. Off the inside part of the bat, and that actually works to his favour as he gets it finer of short fine leg.
OUT, chipped straight to sweeper cover! Implosion. Looked like he was prepared to play out this period, but the batsman has looked to launch the bowler over extra cover off the front foot.That is one of the most difficult shots to attempt against the bowler, who has mastered the dipping legbreak outside off in limited-overs cricket. the batsman is nowhere near the pitch of it and the other leggie completes the job after running to his right.
1 run, gently pushes a fullish delivery into the off side for one.
1 run, tossed up and stroked square from back in the crease.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched on the up to extra cover.
1 run, short of a length outside off, opens the face and runs this down.
no run, length ball around off, punched off the back foot but straight towards cover.
no run, just past the bat's outside edge! Full on off, and angling across the batsman. Tried to open the bat's face and run it fine, but the ball zipped past his blade and through to Kishan. Could've easily taken the outside edge.
no run, there comes the charge. Back of a length on middle and leg, a big swing and miss. Extra bounce.
no run, good length on off, and fended off the back foot. Sees the over out.
no run, short of a length outside off, chopped on the up to backward point.
no run, swing and a miss! It's the slower ball, but he drops the length short. the batsman attempts a leg-side slog, but he's through his shot way too early.
no run, good length, just outside off. the batsman tries to cut but misses completely. Extra bounce takes it to the keeper.
1 run, slower ball again, nearly a yorker, dug out to cover for one.
no run, short of a length, outside off, he punches this on top of the bounce. Straight to point.
no run, good length at off, punched back down the pitch off the back foot.
no run, length ball floated up at off stump, defended down the pitch.
2 runs, length outside off, rocks back and pushes it through the covers for two.
1 leg bye, a low full toss down leg, Axar misses a flick, struck on the pad. the bowler appeals, but no says the umpire. One leg bye towards midwicket.
no run, narrowly over off stump. Well it's no mystery what the angle's going to be - into him from wide of the crease. So the batsman has set up for the pull shot already, but it doesn't bounce up as much as he expects.
no run, slower ball outside off, swerving away ever so slightly, pushes to mid-off.
no run, full on middle, and the batsman backs away before driving to cover. Stopped by Pooran, who throws the ball towards the keeper. The ball flies over Prabhsimran again, but fine leg was backing up.
FOUR runs, fuller, wider, and this time the batsman goes one better with a lovely drive away from the body with an open face. Finds that save gap between cover-point and extra cover.
no run, full on leg, he clips this to midwicket.
1 run, full on off stump, driven with the turn to long-off.
1 run, good length and just outside off. Looks to get his weight into the front foot to drive through cover. Thick edge to third man's left.
FOUR runs, jabs it square of third man this time! Full and wide outside off, shuffles around and jams this down to where a conventional third man might have been.
FOUR runs, he manufactures a four. Shuffles across, down on a knee, sweeps him like a spinner. Over square leg. How well has he picked his spots tonight?.
1 run, length on off, the batsman turns it around to long-on for one.
no run, huge shout for lbw against the batsman, not given, and they won't review it. Plays right across the line of this, but doesn't seem to have straightened enough. Hello, the replay shows it did straighten enough and would have hit the leg stump. Missed out there.
1 run, shapes back in from length, punched to point where there's a halfstop.
SIX runs, lovely shot. the batsman showing some of his wares. Short-arm pull as this short ball angles into his body. Goes flat over square leg for a six. This is only short of a length, and not a long hop.
no run, yikes, he isn't even close to the ball. A short slower cutter outside off. the batsman is beaten as he swings.
1 run, back of a length, spins away, moves across and flicks to midwicket.
SIX runs, that is four sixes in the over. Kings XI have been demolished here. the bowler is a man running up to accept his punishment. Bowls in the slot again, and the batsman gives him the punishment. Another straight six.
no run, length ball angling into off stump from wide of the crease, defended into the covers.
FOUR runs, low full toss on leg stump, but all the batsman has to do is get bat to ball. He simply check-drives down the ground and that's good enough for the ball to beat long off to the boundary. Sheer power.
1 wide, turns from middle and leg and goes down leg for a wide.
2 runs, pastes it down the ground to long-off, where Hetmyer and de Villiers combine to keep it to two.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, short-arm whip to deep midwicket's left.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and tapped away to cover. Quick run.
FOUR runs, slower shor ball gives the batsman some extra time, and he arches into the leg side to slap this over the covers.
2 runs, length ball, angling in at off stump, Rohit picks it up, flicks early and skews it up and over midwicket.
1 wide, full and wide outside leg stump. Good commitment from Pant to slide across his right and stop the ball.
no run, the batsman shuffles across to try to target the short leg-side boundary, but Arshdeep goes wide and squeezes this under his bat.
1 run, on a length, down leg, worked to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, full on middle, the batsman knocks it away to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, misses the yorker. Gives him the low full toss. De Villiers stands in the crease on a solid base, and hits this wide of long-on.
no run, beauty. This grips and spins away sharply to beat Vijay's outside edge as he looked to work across the line. Delightful legbreak. Drew him forward, got this to bounce. Kumble would've been proud of that.
no run, short of a length, angling in, no room. Played with an open face.
FOUR runs, swiped past backward square. Holds his stance this time and waits on this length ball into the pads. Gets low and finds the vacant boundary at long leg.
1 run, length at off stump, driven uppishly to long-off.
FOUR runs, smashed back. Sitting up for him to belt and he did just that. No chance for long off even though the ball was just a few yards away. Packs a punch when he belts them.
1 wide, wide down the leg side.
FOUR runs, past Mohit's outstretched hand! Faf jabbing nervously from the crease at this length ball. It doesn't have too much movement on it and that's probably what's deceived him a touch. Manages to find four from between mid-off and the bowler.
OUT, straight to midwicket! Length ball angling across, and he drags a well-timed pull to the only infielder on the leg side! Rohit safe as houses.
no run, looks to drive on the up but mis-hits it back to CHawla.
OUT, lbw appeal, and given! What a comeback ball from the bowler. Quick on middle, skidding straight through, and the ball hits him in front of middle stump even before Curran can bring his bat down. Quick decision from umpire Gaffaney too. An interesting experiment comes to an end.
FOUR runs, good length outside off, and the batsman rides the bounce to punch this past point. Kept his bat's face open, and lets the pace of Mavi do the rest.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and pulling hard but he miscues getting it along the ground to deep square.
1 leg bye, back of a length on the leg stump, cramps the batsman for room, off the thigh and rolls past Rahul.
(no ball) 1 run, no-ball so a free hit next ball. I did mention before the start of the match that he has a reputation for bowling no-balls in Ranji Trophy.
FOUR runs, knuckle ball on off, and the batsman's through his straight drive way too early. Mistimes it between Bhuvi and the non-striker, but reaches the long-on boundary.
no run, draws him outside off with a good length ball and the batsman, lunging in search of the ball, is beaten. Knuckle ball, gets a little extra kick.
no run, fires this length ball at 116kph on middle, bunted to point.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, whip-pulled away to the left of deep midwicket.
no run, hardly turns around the leg stump, the batsman tries the reverse sweep but doesn't connect at all.
no run, backs away but Ishant keeps it yorker length just outside off and the batsman can't connect with the attempted square drive.
1 run, good length just outside off, and the batsman's cut comes off the bat's bottom. Trickles away towards short third man.
no run, superb seam bowling to a new batsman. On a length, just outside off, the batsman pushes for the angle, but it holds its line after pitching. Beaten.
no run, length outside off, punched to cover.
no run, once again Faf is down the track, giving Ishant the charge, but he's undone by a change of pace, flinging his hands out way to early and missing the ball.
no run, shortish, extra bounce in the corridor and it straightens a touch off the seam too. the batsman is opened up slightly while defending into the off side.
no run, full just outside off, and carefully blocked back to the bowler. A typically entertaining R the bowler over.
SIX runs, shot! Shreyas is turning it on here. Stays still in his crease that time, clears his front leg again and smokes this full delivery over long-off. Sweetly timed.
no run, length ball around off, stays behind the line of this and defends it towards the bowler.
1 run, the batsman man. He has more lives than a cat. A length ball cramping him up, mis-hit to leg, but doesn't carry to midwicket. And then he is sent back and beats the direct hit by a frame, and even gets an overthrow.
no run, fires it through on middle and leg and strikes the batsman on the pads. Big shout for lbw but it would have gone down leg.
1 run, back of a length and skids through outside off, cut to sweeper cover again.
no run, excellent fielding by Ishan Kishan at cover-point. Dhawan thinks he has broken the shackles when he skips out of the crease, and punches this short ball square on the off side, but Kishan saves four runs with a dive on the edge of the circle.
1 run, dropped! An extremely difficult chance for Cutting at cover point. the batsman backs away and stabs aimlessly as this spins away from off stump. It floats high for Cutting who leaps to his right with his left-hand going at the ball and tips it over the bar.
1 run, short outside off, stops on the batsman as he goes on the back foot. Flat-batted down to long-off.
FOUR runs, dropped! And it flies back down the ground for four! Tough caught-and-bowled chance, to be fair, the bowler did well to get a hand on it, nearly lost a digit for his troubles.
FOUR runs, a slower ball on middle and leg, Suryakumar just tucks the ball into the gap. A half push. And he finds the gap at midwicket for four. Excellent execution.
1 run, lobbed up slowly at a length on off, driven down to long-off.
FOUR runs, this time Mayank goes the other way, stepping across to the off side to play a neat little pick-up to a scramble-seam delivery from the bowler, raising the fifty. That's Kings XI's fastest fifty of the season so far.
1 run, slower ball to end the over. It's wide outside off, so the batsman is forced to reach at it. Flat-bats it past the bowler's left, and takes a single to keep the strike.
no run, lovely yorker, 131ks, just outside off, and it kicks off the crease, and Buttler does really well to collect this. Great reaction.
no run, short of a length, on-pace, into the body, beats his pull and hits him on the thigh pad.
1 run, down the track again, this time gets closer to the ball to drive to long-on.
FOUR runs, too much room to free the arms, too short to give the batsman enough time and the batsman gets on top of that to slap it between point and cover.
1 run, offcutter, short of a length just outside off. Steered to third man with an angled bat.
1 run, fuller outside off this time, smashed along the ground but straight towards extra cover, only a single.
1 run, slaps this short ball to long-on.
1 run, fuller on middle, bunted down to long-on for one.
no run, short and just outside off, stabbed straight to short third man.
1 run, low full toss, driven to deep midwicket for one.
FOUR runs, length on middle, the batsman backs away this time and just guides it over the cover-field, the timing is excellent and it races to the fence.
OUT, rocks back and hammers this pull straight to Stokes at deep midwicket. This was hammered but it was almost as if the batsman didn't know there was a man there. Stokes made it look ridiculously easy. Timed his jump superbly and was airborne when it lodged in his bucket hands.
1 run, tucked away off the hip as Krishna stays short of a length.
no run, short of a length, skids through, hits him high on the pad after nipping in and beating his bat.
1 run, short of a length across the corridor, has a stab at it, off the under-edge to third man.
no run, googly, short and outside off.  Cut firmly but straight to extra cover.
FOUR runs, similar line but not with as much turn, it's shorter though so the batsman rocks back in the crease to open up and slams that through the midwicket area in the gap for four.
1 run, short of a length outside off, gets on the back foot and punches to sweeper cover.
1 wide, that's all over the place! Short on middle, and angling down the leg side. Signs of frustration on Dhoni's face.
SIX runs, what a shot dances down the track while giving himself room, slower ball from the bowler, was rolling his fingers over it and the batsman nails the drive over extra cover.
1 run, collision between the batsman and the bowler. Both are caught ball-watching. Du Plessis is looking for a quick single to mid-on, the bowler is getting read to collect the throw. Du Plessis runs right into the bowler, but it is the batsman who is winded. And at the other end, Watson is looking back to see what is happening, and is nearly run out as the throw is at his end. The throw misses, though.
1 leg bye, full ball, right into the pads, and he looks to swing this away on the on side, but can only pick up a leg-bye as the ball trickles away towards point.
no run, maiden over! In the fourth over! That's a very unusual result for the batsman and T20s, at this point of an innings. An overpitched delivery is caressed to cover for nothing.
no run, length ball on off, and the ball angles in. Defended off the back foot.
OUT, strikes first ball! the batsman slam dunks himself, picking out deep midwicket! He came down the pitch but got under the ball, going towards the longest part of the ground, more height than trousers and it's well taken by Shaw.
1 run, tossed up on middle stump, a bit too full for the sweep, tickled to short fine leg where the fielder fumbles.
1 run, full on off, and that's been driven with the help of his wrists to wide long on. Gets Samson back on strike.
OUT, sensational catch by Morris. the batsman gets no power in this pull, and Morris charges in from long-on. This has hardly gone past the 30-yard circle, but Morris makes the ground and dives to actually make it look relatively easy.
1 run, late inswing causes this yorker to tail in towards the batsman's feet. Nearly falls over while trying to flick it. Thick inside edge into pad.
1 run, on a length, middle and leg, worked behind square on the leg side.
1 run, low full toss outside off, driven down to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, length, but down the leg side, and he just needs to get some bat on it, with fine leg up inside the circle, and it runs away for four more! Too easy, this .
no run, gem of a ball from the bowler first up. Full, angling in, then swings away outside off. the batsman plays inside the line and is beaten.
no run, good length and just outside off, pushed to point with the turn.
FOUR runs, lovely shot but all too late. Driven on top of the bounce, past extra cover, thuds into the fence.
1 run, really slow in the air, 81ks, clipped off the toes for one.
no run, full and sliding into off, drilled off the outside of the bat.
no run, googly, full on middle stump, gets forward and drives to long-off.
no run, teasing delivery full outside off. the batsman steps forward to defend but the ball whizzes past his outside edge.
1 run, dropped at first slip! Tripathi the guilty party. Good length on off, and just shaping away. the batsman tried to drive to cover but he plays it with hard hands, and the ball takes a thick outside edge. Tripathi was quick to move to his right, but the ball just pops out.
1 run, good length and pushed flat down leg side. No room this time. Whipped to deep midwicket off the back foot.
SIX runs, strays on the pads and Suryakumar lofts the ball over deep backward square leg with a swivel of the wrists. All wrists.
OUT, the bowler lobs it up outside off and gets it to break away further. He forces the batsman to reach out for the ball. the batsman tries to do so but loses his shape. He aims to go over the covers, but instead carves it squarer to Boult at backward point. Over to you, Russell.
1 run, a low full toss is bunted to long-on for one. Rohit wants to stay there for the last two overs.
1 run, length ball on middle and leg, flicked away towards fine leg.
1 run, works this length ball towards midwicket. Planted his front leg across a long way as he played that.
1 run, length ball, little turn, shifts back and across and whips against the turn to midwicket.
1 run, 105 kph, flat outside off, swept down to long-on again.
FOUR runs, it's a good shot but it won't be enough. To be fair it wouldn't be enough if he'd lifted that a few 100 metres further. Short ball into the ribs, pulled past short fine.
1 run, lobbed up full and the batsman frees the arm but miscues a heave out towards deep midwicket, just one there.
no run, 149 kph, back of a length and angled into off stump, Rohit keeps to his crease and blocks to point.
no run, inside edge onto pad. Googly, good length and wide outside off. Looks to drive away from the body.
1 run, he's getting some shape into the right-hander but wrong line that time, strays on the pads and the batsman picks him off to deep square leg.
1 run, tries the big drive down the ground, and he is playing for the wrong'un. Still gets an outside edge for a single to short third man.
1 run, just three off the over. Very full, met by a crisp drive from the batsman. A misfield from Ashwin lets the ball go through.
no run, good length outside off, and he tries to carve it to point. Takes the bat's inside edge and ricochets onto his pads.
1 run, back-of-the-hand length ball just outside off, can only slice it to long-off as it rises off the pitch and gets sweep.
no run, half-tracker outside off, but angling away once again. the batsman's happy to tap it off the backfoot to point.
1 run, extra flight, full outside off, and he caresses a drive to Ingram at wide long off.
1 run, good length, coming back into him, pushed towards point for a quick single.
no run, not short enough to cut, chops it straight to backward point.
1 wide, full outside leg, but goes down as a wide. the batsman did try to flick it fine, but can't get bat to ball.
FOUR runs, short, angled in, pulled in the gap and he gets four more to move into the 90s.
1 run, full outside off, punched away to the sweeper cover for one.
1 run, googly, short and wider of off, he's back and slapping a cut to deep cover-point.
no run, yorker-length, squeezed back.
1 run, works this gently past midwicket for an easy single.
no run, good length outside off, driven back to the bowler.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, lets it come to him and steers it down to third man.
OUT, taken at midwicket. You can almost see this coming when the batsman is up against elite pace. Short and at his ribs and he gets in poor positions, and that's what's happened. Pinned right back, trying to pivot on his back toe, with the front leg in the air. Can't get a horizontal bat at this, just ends up shoveling awkwardly to the fielder on the circle.
FOUR runs, wrong'un, too short, too straight, and pulled into the small side of the ground. That brings up the batsman's fifty.
1 run, slower and fuller on middle, turned to deep midwicket again.  It's time for another timeout .
no run, full ball, and he looks to drop-kick this towards midwicket. An inside edge on to his pads, and there's a stifled appeal from the bowler. More importantly, a dot ball!.
FOUR runs, short, wide, stands up tall and cuts it hard, easily beats third man to his right.
1 run, slapped away to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, down the wicket and he gets to the pitch this time, avoiding the danger of the sharp turn on view and launches it down the ground.
nan
1 run, length on off, steered to short third-man for one.
1 run, short, and he goes back and punches this towards deep midwicket.
SIX runs, filthy ball and the batsman punishes it. Short, down leg, and the batsman can pretty much put it where he wants. He decides on pulling it over square leg.
no run, a yorker on off, jammed back to the bowler.
1 run, shot! length ball angling in towards off stump, and the batsman shows the full face to punch it back between the stumps at the other end and the bowler, and long-on runs around to stop it at the boundary.
1 run, drills in a low full toss, driven down to long-on for one.
no run, short of a length, straight, defended off the back foot.
no run, fuller outside off, Parthiv looks to smash it through covers, gets an inside edge on to the pads.
1 run, full ball, driven to long-off.
1 run, half-tracker on middle stump, but spinning into the batsman. Whipped off his pads to short fine leg.
SIX runs, he finally gets one away! A smile on Williamson's face. Another cutter, right in the slot, around off. Yusuf clears his front leg and smashes the length over long-on. A boundary after 35 balls, first six of the innings.
no run, short outside off, Dhawan goes for the cut but can't connect due to the lack of bounce.
1 wide, and this one is called wide for height now the bowler digging in a bouncer that balloons well over the batsman.
1 run, gentle little dab into the off side for a quick single.  36th IPL fifty.  Equals Warner's record for most half-centuries in the competition.
2 runs, length on the pads, clipped away between deep midwicket and deep squareleg and the call was for two immediately and they make it with ease.
OUT, taken at short extra cover. Buttler lunging high to his left. Short and wide bouncer outside off. Faf wants to lift that over point with the pace, but is through the attempted guide a bit too soon. It comes off the inside part of the bat and floats to Buttler's left and he lands softly after jumping to his left.
1 run, offcutter at a length on leg stump, flicked to deep square.
FOUR runs, juicy half-volley and the batsman gleefully whips this in front of square. Poor ball, bread-and-butter shot.
no run, googly, full outside off. Down for the sweep, struck on the back thigh. They've appealed for lbw and it is turned down. They review. Looked to miss off stump for me, with the turn and ball tracker confirms that. CSK lose the review.
1 run, good length on middle stump, and he helps the pull to fine leg to keep the strike.
FOUR runs, just erred a touch in line and that's in the batsman's wheelhouse. Full and wide, the batsman transfers his weight late and drills the drive through cover for four.
1 run, good length on middle, and that's been flicked off his hips to deep midwicket.
no run, good length and a googly across off stump. Backs away and pushes into the covers.
1 run,  just eludes the bowler on the followthrough!  Stopped on Faf, who looked to work it to the leg side. Got a leading edge, finger-tips stuff. Lucky break.
1 wide, drifts down leg for a wide. Another slider.
SIX runs, launched over long-on. Full and faster outside off this time. Good pace for a ball pitching just outside off if you're looking to slog. It's what he does and it's controlled.
1 run, short of a length, punched down to long-on.
no run, good length outside off, steered to backward point.
1 run, short enough for the batsman to stay back and punch it square for one.
FOUR runs, starts off with a bad ball, too short, sat up to be spanked and the batsman obliged, powering it through cover. All the time in the world to play that.
2 runs, full on middle, and that's been whipped beautifully over midwicket. Chase for deep backward square, who eventually manages to cut it off. Good use of the wrists.
1 run, flat, into the pads, punched to leg.
1 run, offcutter, back of a length outside off. Backs away and cuts to sweeper.
1 run, length outside off and swatted past the bowler, taking the bowler's hand on the way, well stopped at long-off to keep it to one.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, punched to mid-off.
1 run, back of a length, angling into leg stump, clipped away to wide long-on.
SIX runs, full on middle, and he gets his front foot out of the way to get his bat swinging. Muscles it over wide long on thereafter!.
1 run, quick length ball, pushed down to long-off for one.
1 run, full on leg stump, nudged to long-on.
1 run, spins in slightly from a length, pulled to deep midwicket.
2 runs, full outside off, driven to the right of sweeper cover.
no run, slider, on a length, outside off, beats him on the outside edge.
1 run, length on off, punched to extra cover from the crease.
1 run, good length outside off, and sharp legspin. Tries to slog-sweep, but top-edges it towards the leg side. Falls short of deep midwicket.
no run, another googly. Back of a length outside off, goes back to cut and the ball beats his outside edge.
no run, slower short ball again, 118ks, and the batsman is beaten on the pull again.
1 leg bye, full on the pads, that one swung back in a little, not what Khaleel is necessarily famous for, the batsman misses the flick but gets a leg bye.
no run, dug in outside off, 130kph, maybe a cutter, the batsman has a dash and again fails to connect.
1 run, short of a good length outside off, opens the face and dabs to short third's left.
no run, on good length just outside off, solid straight-bat defence from KW.
no run, length on off stump, gets on the back foot and taps pitch side into the leg side.
1 run, short of a length, into the rib, looks to tickle it fine, but gets a glove to AB on the bounce. And they steal a single even though the fumble has gone only about two feet away from AB.
1 run, top-edges a reverse sweep, can't get it past short third man.
OUT, knocks middle stump with a 152kph length ball. It's scrambled seam, it's angled across from an initial leg-stump line. the batsman backs into the leg side to try and lift him over the covers like he had in the powerplay. It's rapidly past him to hit the top of the stumps.
FOUR runs, full outside off, the batsman throws his bat at it with his head falling away, gets a genuine outside edge but there's no slip at this stage of the game, and the ball races away to the third-man fence.
1 run, another slower ball on middle, the batsman reads it, drops it to the off side and scampers across for a single.
1 run, short of a length on off stump, tapped to cover's left off the back foot.
1 run, short at middle stump, pulled to deep square's left.
SIX runs, he connects one, finally. In the slot and the batsman drills this to clear long-on. Half-century goes unnoticed.
no run, length ball around middle and leg, the batsman pushes it back towards the bowler.
1 run, full slower ball outside off, driven to long-off.
1 run, full and tossed up at off stump, driven with the turn to long-off.
no run, he moves across early as he is used to doing, and then leaves alone a wide inswinger.
no run, slower ball, 120ks, on a length, wide outside off, beats his expansive drive.
FOUR runs, creamed through covers! the bowler pitches one up around off and Rohit just leans into the extra cover drive, first boundary of the innings.
2 runs, on the pads, spinning away from the left-hander. the batsman works it through midwicket.
1 run, short outside off, Kishan goes back and punches to long-on for a single.
1 run, slower delivery on leg stump, turned towards square leg.
1 run, short at the stumps, mistimed pull rolls down to long-on's left.
1 run, nurdled out to deep midwicket, no need to rush for the Royals.
1 run, short outside off, the batsman places his late cut well but doesn't time it at all. Rolls at not very high speed to the right of Malinga at short third man, still forces a dive out of him.
no run, full and swinging away from outside off, he goes through with a drive but is beaten by the late movement.
1 run, good length and wide outside off, sliced to sweeper's left.
OUT, through him! Tries to swipe across the line, and the ball crashes into off stump. Length ball angling in, and the batsman goes for a very ugly leg-side slog. Ball whizzes under his bat, and sends the youngster back.
2 runs, down the wicket, flat offbreak, hit past midwicket, and Russell makes a diving save at the fence.
SIX runs, shortish, drifting in and the batsman plays this superb short-arm jab to clear deep square. Picking length early was the key and he did it to perfection.
1 run, good length outside off, and the bounce gets big on the batsman. Still manages to turn it towards mid on for a quick run.
no run, back of a length outside off. the bowler sticking with that length. Guides to gully, on the bounce.
1 run, fuller, on middle, the batsman drives from the crease and Shaw at cover mis-fields, allowing the single.
SIX runs, just clears long-off. That unnecessary overthrow hurts Tyagi. Full toss outside off, and he goes flat over long-off. And despite fielding on such a small ground, Archer is not right on the fence. That is a second fielder who has let Tyagi down this over.
FOUR runs, slower ball, back of a length on leg, and the batsman goes deep into his crease, before pummeling a pull-shot along the ground to the backward-square boundary. Fielder in the deep  but no chance.
no run, moved across  a long way looking for the paddle scoop but good bowling by the bowler who fires it in quick and full at the batsman and the batsman can't connect. Rinku was rushing down from the other end but is sent back. The throw is a bit awry from the keeper, which allows him to scramble back.
1 run, length outside off, slow turn, cut away towards deep extra cover.
1 run, wrong'un, on a length, the batsman pushes it into the leg side for one.
1 run, good length on off, and gets big on the batsman. He glances it down to third man to get off the mark.
SIX runs, ohhh yessss! That echoed in Dubai! Floated up into the slot and he wasted no time, plants the front leg out and into the leg side before swinging it 91 metres in the midwicket direction.
1 run, good length just outside off, and the batsman defends with soft hands towards third man.
no run, short of length outside off, looks to punch it on the off side, instead ends up chopping it into the ground, backward point is quick to the ball and prevents the single.
1 run, short of a length, straight, worked to leg for one.
1 run, flicks the fuller ball on middle through to deep midwicket.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to deep backward point with the angle.
1 run, full on off stump, check-drive down to long-off.
SIX runs, oh this is gone far! Dropped short and just outside off, gets back in the crease and effortlessly deposits this pull into the upper tiers at midwicket.
FOUR runs, hammered. Superb pull shot from the batsman - technical perfection. Mustafiz drops it short of a length at his hips and he swivels, gets the bat parallel to the ground, watches the ball come on and keeps it down to beat deep square to his right.
3 runs, short and wide outside off, gets big on him and he uses it to cut that over the cover point fielder who then gives chase to pull it in.
1 run, drifts in a slider towards middle and leg, worked towards deep square leg.
1 run, slower offcutter, the batsman pushes it to long-on, turns for the second but slips. Everybody safe.
no run, beauty! Swing! A good length delivery pitched on off or just outside off. The ball pitches and swerves away from the prod late. Jaffa.
OUT, tries to cut but this spins back in sharply from length to cramp him for room and sees the off and leg  stump flattened. The skid has done the trick.
no run, short of a good length and cramping him at the waist. Forced to defend into the off side.
no run, on a length, middle and leg, pushed to mid-off.
2 runs, terrific shot slightly slower, the batsman waited a fraction and used his wrists to whip it off his toes to deep midwicket. Morris runs around and puts in a diving save.
1 run, half-stop at mid-on. Good length ball across him, whips it to Jofra's left, against the angle.
no run, wrong'un, tossed up, just outside off. the batsman has picked it, and defends.
1 run, full and just outside off at 147kph. Pushed to mid-on's right off the inside half of the bat.
no run, slides into him and finds the inside part of the bat as he pushes back.
2 runs, so he whips one through midwicket. Nabi goes around the wicket and slants one across again but Suryakumar leans in and gets this between long-on and deep midwicket. Bit of a fumble out there as the two fielders converge.
SIX runs, the batsman gets all of this. On-pace length ball, and he clears the front leg and lofts him over long-off for another big six.
1 run, full on middle, forward and driven down to long-on.
1 run, a fumble at point from Sundar as he loses his footing. Good length outside off, pushed with soft hands and he gets a hand reaching backward as he slips.
1 run, dropped by Sanju Samson at backward point. Jumping up with two hands but he can't hold on. This one flies off the face of the bat and it's a difficult one after the batsman's energetic swing for the cut.
1 run, full toss on the pads, and he misses out. Not a full-blooded swipe but a short-arm one for a single to deep midwicket.
1 run, carrom ball, starts on off stump from wide of the crease, and he pushes this towards backward point off the back foot.
1 wide, googly, but it starts too straight, and is a wide down the leg side.
no run, just short of mid-off. Good length ball outside off, looks to slap it over mid-off but that's sliced. Maxwell grabs it on the half volley and nearly runs Kohli out. Direct hit and that was out.
1 run, overpitched on off stump, and tapped down the ground to long off.
1 run, full outside off, driven to mid-off.
1 run, length, and he runs this off his pads towards backward square leg.
no run, length and in at leg, clipped straight to midwicket.
1 wide, full slower ball, wide outside off. Left alone.
2 runs, slow, full, down leg, runs off the inside half of the bat fine on the leg side for a couple.
OUT, Oh dear, the Royals continue to tumble. Drifts in on middle, full and straight. the batsman drops down to one knee. He goes for an almighty slog-sweep like Tripathi had done earlier this over. He can't touch it. And the bowler rattles the stumps. Six runs and three wickets off the last two overs.
1 run, length at off stump, opens the face on the drive to sweeper cover.
1 run, slow outside off, carved towards third man for a run.
no run, full on the pads, de Villiers goes for the slog sweep but misses.
1 run, length at off stump, tapped to extra cover off the back foot.
1 run, full on the pads, tucked away to squareleg.
1 run, length ball, flat and curving in from a roundish arm action, punched towards wide long-off.
1 run, Bishnoi is not flighting anything any time soon. Flat outside off, punched to deep cover for one.
1 run, full and wide outside off, but he gets down on one knee to drag the sweep to deep backward square.
no run, beaten. Knuckle ball, it appears. Good length and loopy wide outside off. Lines up for the slog sweep but can't get the timing right.
1 run, dropped by deep midwicket. Well, technically it's not a drop if you don't even get a hand on it. Garg completely misses this after making the ground, to get under it. Slower short ball climbing up at middle stump, through the pull early and sliced. He just overruns this and can't get a hand with the reverse cup.
1 run, looks to pull, gets a bottom edge to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, slapped for four! Starts around the wicket, and pitches outside off. the batsman backs away, makes some extra room, and crunches this past the diving cover fielder. Tripathi the man who couldn't stop it.
no run, pacy length ball at 140.3 kmph on middle, blocked back.
1 run, get out of the way Davey! No headbutts incoming, but he's nearly taken out Warner with this drive. Full on off and he bludgeons it to long-on, getting Warner hopping at the other end in the process.
OUT, Mustafiz pockets a one-handed return catch. This was a Mustafiz special: cutter, skipping away outside off, the batsman chips a leading edge to the left of the bowler. Mustafiz stretches out his left hand and comes out with the ball. Mumbai edge ahead.
1 run, short at leg stump, pulled to deep backward square.
1 run, cheeky! Back of a length, wide outside off, and the batsman opens his bat's face to ramp this nearly to the fielder at third man.
2 runs, low full toss just outside off, shuffled and drills to deep midwicket.
2 runs, another attempted sweep and the top edge sails over the short fine-leg.
no run, good length on middle, and the batsman misses on drive. Inside edge onto his pads, and that's why the umpire says no to the lbw appeal.
SIX runs, yet another slower ball, the batsman picks the offcutter, jumps across off and bludgeons it over midwicket. Muscled away. Raina manufactures his own pace again.
no run, length on off stump, defended into the off side.
no run, slower bouncer, offcutter, beats the batsman's attempt at the ramp.
1 run, short, quick, pulled to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, slower ball at 108.6kmh that's a little short, the batsman waits before pulling it to deep midwicket.
1 run, short ball, crunched hard off the pull, but gets just the single to deep midwicket.
no run, back of a length on off, punched back, Pollard's bat is in the way, deflected to short midwicket.
OUT, knocks the middle stump out! Full, straight, too fast for Bhuvi. Top class. Looking to drive that to long-on with a straight bat, not a lot wrong with the attempt. It's just too fast for him.
no run, full outside off, a hint of swing, driven to cover.
1 run, length ball at off stump, closes the face and gets a leading edge to third man.
1 run, googly - pitches it short though and the batsman pulls to long-on.
no run, another short and wide, hit-me ball, but again hit straight to a fielder. Extra cover does the job this time.
no run, short of a length on leg stump, takes the thigh pad as he looks to whip it away.
1 run, good length outside off, shuffles and drives to long-on.
1 run, length ball around leg, worked to deep square leg for a run.
SIX runs, looked so easy! Length ball turning in at middle stump, gets low and sweeps on the rise without going on his knees. Clears midwicket.
no run, short ball, gets big on him, but Rohit manages to keep the pull down.
1 run, back of a length, he's back and guiding this down to third man with control.
no run, good length and slanted into the corridor. Chopped to backward point.
no run, on a length, looks to run this behind square, can only send it to point.
no run, 116.4ks back-of-the-hand slower ball, beats him in the channel.
no run, length ball, on leg stump, and Yusuf chooses to defend off the backfoot once again. Terrific over.
SIX runs, full on middle stump, and this time it's been lifted! Gets his front foot out of the way and thumps it over the bowler's head. Excellent.
FOUR runs, crunched over cover! Overpitched outside off, and just a full followthrough of the bat from the batsman. Played on the up, and comfortably lifted over the infield.
no run, missed out on a leg-side half-volley as he finds the man by the side of the square-leg umpire.
OUT, hammers it straight to deep midwicket. There is so much power in this pull shot. Bends his knees to get low and get under the ball. But as much power as he puts in it, he doesn't get enough elevation. Huh, usually it's the other way round for a wicket to fall!.
1 run, good length angling across gently, Rohit pushes forward to pat it towards mid-off and takes the quick single.
no run, top spinner, back of a length, he's back and defending.
1 run, good length and in at middle stump, walks down the track and flicks to deep square.
1 run, Yadav plays for the turn, is hit on the inside half of the bat. Takes a single.
FOUR runs, short ball, and he goes back and works this towards long leg. Comfortable put away and the bowler should know this is a slow pitch, with little turn.
1 run, gets inside the line and helps this short ball up and over, down to third man.
FOUR runs, adjusts, improvises, and finds the same spot again. Short ball this time, and slower, and wider. Faf is down the pitch again and this time he has to reach out more and then uses the horizontal bat to drag it over the umpire again.
no run, length around off, pushed towards extra cover off the front foot.
no run, on a length, around off, sliding in, pushed to mid-on.
SIX runs, this is the the batsman show. Submit to it. After a four into the big side of the ground, he shuffles across to play the pick-up shot over the shorter leg boundary.
FOUR runs, misfield goes for four. Length ball outside off, driven on the up, and Shreyas Iyer at mid-off was going to his left. Wanted to pick it up and throw it back quickly for a possible run out, ends up missing it and the ball goes for four.
1 run, flat and quick towards off, worked to leg for one.
no run, leading edge as he looks to flick this from middle stump. Third time I'm seeing that this evening, second time from Rohit. Closed the face too soon.
no run, legspinner, full on middle, the batsman turns the face too early, gets a leading edge but along the ground towards cover.
no run, tickled with the angle to short fine leg.
OUT, outside edge and gone! Good captaincy from Rohit. That's exactly how Rashid was caught in the reverse fixture earlier this season. Back of a length delivery outside off, Rashid plays slightly inside the line, a thick edge is elicited and comfortably taken.
1 run, middle-stump yorker, jammed down to long-on.
1 run, the batsman shuffles across the off stump, banged in short and attacking the body, miscues a scoop in the air. Bumrah runs in from short fine leg but the ball lands in front of him. Scores are tied.
no run, good length ball slanted in at leg stump. Defended solidly into the leg side.
1 run, quick straight, back of a length, hits him on the pad. Another leg-bye.
no run, good length and hurried into his pads as he looks for the back foot punch.
1 run, slapped away towards cover-point where Uthappa moves to his left to make a diving stop.
2 runs, short of a length, around off, punched wide of deep midwicket for two.
FOUR runs, full on off, and it's in the batsman's arc! It's a slower ball too, and he simply adjusts for the pace and then lifts it over midwicket. Falls just short of the cow-corner boundary.
1 run, back of a length on off, the batsman loses his shape as he swipes an inside edge to square leg.
OUT, the painful innings is over, pressure was building and the batsman has hit this straight to deep midwicket. Stepped out to pull, but didn't get any power behind that because he got it high on the bat.
no run, on a length, outside off, pushed to short cover.
1 run, sliced with the turn to backward point for one.
no run, good bowling, gets it drift across and turn into Curran who can only push it back.
2 runs, gets some shape on it and bowls it at almost yorker length outside off, but he guides it superbly by opening the face of the bat to third man's right.
1 run, length on middle, rocks back and pulls along the ground to long-on.
SIX runs, a full toss around off, and the batsman goes aerially, didn't middle it but it keeps sailing and clears long-off with ease.
1 run, shorter on middle, he stands tall and punches this down to long on.
OUT, a diving catch to the right by Gaikwad! At deep midwicket. This pitch could be the bowler's BFF, the way he's understood it today. Around the wicket, dug into the pitch short of a good length outside off. the batsman shapes for his favoured swipe over midwicket, but the slow pace on that makes him get a lot more elevation than he's like. Then, Gaikwad tracks it brilliantly with a sprint to his right and lunges with perfect timing to take that and then hold on.
FOUR runs, lapped up and over short fine leg! the batsman walked right across to off and set himself early, lifting the ball deliberately up and over.
no run, short of a length, pulled to midwicket.
OUT, appeal for stumping as he looks to go over extra again but the bowler shortens the length and gives it time to turn past his bat. the batsman has only just left the crease, which means he has the time to get back in, especially since de Kock doesn't deal in Dhoni-like no-give stumpings. But his back foot is in the air when he breaks the wicket.
no run, back of a length and angling across off, the batsman goes back and steers to point.
1 run, short, and he goes back to cut this towards backward point.
no run, b-e-a-uty! He has an in-form batsman lunging forward, reaching for the ball, unsure of how it turns. That bat may as well have been a chop stick.
no run, back of a length, sliding on towards middle stump to cramp the batsman for room on the back foot. Jabbed to cover.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length, punched to point.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, flicked to midwicket's right.
SIX runs, oh the batsman. That is why he is among the greatest T20 players ever. He has put the fear in the bowler's mind. Gets a low full toss this time, and gets inside the line to loft him over deep midwicket.
no run, oh misses out. Really missed out. A full toss down the leg side, all he needs is a tickle, but he tickes it too well, and sends it straight to short fine leg.
1 run, drifts in a quicker delivery on middle and leg, eased to long on.
1 run, a slower delivery outside off, Yusuf taps a length delivery to backward point. There is no run there. Lewis runs in, picks up but misses at the batsman's end.
1 run, very full again, shimmies down the track and takes it on the half-volley, driving it straight back. Long-on runs to his left to tidy up.
no run, full slower ball outside off, slogs and is beaten on the inside edge.
no run, excellent ball on leg stump that cramps the batsman. All he can do is hit it straight down the ground to long off.
FOUR runs, clipped past short fine. Length and staying low - about shin height - on a leg stump line. Waits on it and turns the wrists late.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
1 run, tossed up, around off stump, and he slogs this down the ground towards long on. Goes off the toe-end of the bat.
1 run, length on the pads, tucked away to deep squareleg.
2 runs, length ball on middle, and worked off his hips to deep backward square. Misfield from Billings allows them to take the double.
no run, flat on off, defended into the off side.
FOUR runs, chipped over mid-off. Offcutter, rising up from a length outside off. It's quite big on him but he goes on the rise and doesn't check the shot. Carries on and gets the reward.
1 run, yorker on middle, nudges it to long-on.
no run, good length outside leg, but spins into the batsman's body thereafter. He tries to shoulder his arms, but the ball hits his body instead.
1 run, length on off stump, looks to sweep, gets a leading edge that takes it to long-on.
no run, dropped! Harbhajan has lost the trajectory in the night sky and has ended up having to lunge backwards after getting under this at midwicket! A floated legbreak from the bowler, the batsman looks for the slog sweep and top edges. He looks into the floor immediately - what have I done? - but he survives. Will that haunt CSK all evening?.
1 wide, he bowls this wide outside off, anticipating another chip down the track. Dhawan leaves, wide called and rightly so.
1 run, good length and turning into leg stump. Clipped to deep midwicket off the back foot.
no run, punched to cover point, no run.
no run, the batsman uses his feet, speared wide, swished to extra cover.
1 run, cramped for room, plays the short-arm jab to deep midwicket.
1 wide, starts off with one that is down leg for a wide.
no run, steps out to pull but is beaten.
FOUR runs, low full-toss close to off stump, and that's beautifully timed by the batsman. Just opens his face slightly and sends it racing away to the left of the man sprinting from deep point.
no run, oh that's another loud appeal, but no reviews left for KKR. Nips in from a length outside off and hits the batsman on the knee roll. Looked closer than the one they lost their review for (against Kohli).
2 runs, another incredible shot. A good tight short ball, but the batsman ramps it even as he is ducking for a couple.
1 run, safely short of deep midwicket. This is dipping at a length outside off as he goes down for the sweep and sticks with that decision. Ends up hacking from under it with the bat face pointed upwards.
2 runs, fuller, at the pads, flicked to deep square.
1 wide, walks across but Arshdeep sprays this further away to negate this, left alone. Wide called.
1 run, back of a length and skidding in, the batsman is cramped up as he inside-edges the ball beside his feet. Mitch McC swoops in and attacks the ball. Rayudu slides his bat in time.
1 run, good length on off, pushed into the offside, to cover's left, for another quick single.
no run, gets width for the first time, walks into a drive, but can't beat cover-point.
1 run, punched down the ground for another single.
1 run, good single now. Back of a length outside off, tapped down towards point and the batsman calls his partner through.
1 run, good length on off, punched to long-off.
OUT, full toss on middle, the batsman tries to scoop it away to the leg side, gets a top edge that goes hangs in the air forever on the way to fine-leg, who settles under it and takes it comfortably.
no run, another inswinger, headed towards the middle of the off stump. Defended.
no run, beaten on the pull. That stays lower in the corridor than he expected as he set up on the back foot.
1 run, length ball, and he biffs this down towards long on.
1 run, a slower bouncer on middle and leg, the batsman pulls it down towards fine leg.
1 run, low full toss on off stump, walks across his stumps and flicks to deep midwicket's right to bring up his fifty. Points the bat sharply at the dugout and then frustratedly whacks his front pad. It's a day of confusing emotional reactions from SRH batsmen! It's managed to get chuckles out of Laxman and Warner.
1 run, good length, and just outside off stump. Spins away from the batsman on this occasion, and it's been fended past the non-striker.
no run, length outside off, comes forward to drive on the up, the ball goes towards point off the outer half where Hetmyer dives to his left to make the stop.
no run, out with a direct hit! Good from Pant to trust his partner. But maybe he shouldn't have. A good length delivery down leg, the batsman pushes to mid-on, calls for one, realises his weight is on the back foot so he says no very late. But Pant is already down, he turns back and dives back. But the throw from the fielder is not accurate so he's fine. His wrist is not though. Some damage to his hand.
no run, good length and into middle stump, onto the back foot and mistimes the attempted punch into the off side.
SIX runs, back of a length on middle, the batsman clears his front leg again and launches it over the wide long-on boundary. Kings XI pass 200.
OUT, top edge out to deep square. Good length ball gets big on him as he checks himself on the attempted sweep. Floats out gently for Rayudu.
no run, sliddy length ball that curves back in slightly, the batsman is besides the line as he defends.
SIX runs, slaps it over mid-off! Slower length balls outside off, waits on it this time and nails the connection. First boundary since 8.4.
FOUR runs, this time he gives the batsman width with the flatter delivery, and he rocks back to cut it between short third and point.
no run, welcomes him with a short ball on leg stump. the batsman goes deep into his crease, and defends off the back foot.
FOUR runs, slips one down leg and the batsman flicks this fine to beat M Ashwin at fine leg. the bowler bowled that at 144.6, all the batsman needed really was a deflection.
1 run, sliding into the hips, picked up and flicked to deep square leg.
1 run, soft hands, dabbed towards the keeper and off they go for a single.
OUT, that looks close and it's been given. Parthiv looks at his partner and then walks off, so review not taken. Might have been umpire's call, so perhaps a good decision to not review. Parthiv misses the sweep as this length ball spins in and pins him dead in front of middle.
no run, bouncer at 144kph, climbing up from a middle stump line and beaten the outside edge before sailing past his left shoulder.
FOUR runs, well placed. This is low-risk, high reward. Full ball at off stump, he stays low and watches it on, right under his eyes. And then opens the face late to beat backward point to the right.
no run, very full and angling in, defended.
FOUR runs, he charges and slices this up and over cover-point! Aggressive footwork and he times this just reaching out and slicing it over the ring!.
FOUR runs, squeezed past backward point for four. That's more awful bowling. It's full and straight, right in the slot for a nice T20 heave away over midwicket, but Sarfraz opens the face and guides the ball past the fielder. Nicely done.
no run, back of a length on the hips, worked away to midwicket.
1 run, short of a length at off stump, dropped into the off side with soft hands.
1 run, good length and turning into middle. Whipped to long-on off the back foot.
OUT, back of a length on off and that's nipped in sharply! Cuts the batsman in half, and the ball goes between bat and elbow. QDK dives to his left and takes a one hander and appeals for caught behind. The umpire says not out. QDK wants to review and yes! That's come off the inside shoulder of the bat. Big deflection.
1 run, the bowler lucky to get away with this. Short ball, down the leg side, with fine leg up. the batsman pulls this down but straight to the man.
1 run, full on off, and turning into his pads. Nudged off the front foot to the vacant mid-wicket region. Jaddu goes chasing again.
no run, length ball, jags back in after pitching outside off, and forces Rohit to defend it straight back down the wicket.
no run, slower length ball, opens the face to backward point.
FOUR runs, swung away, not in control but manages to hoick this behind square on the leg side. First boundary.
1 run, slower length ball on middle stump, gets his front leg out of the way and whips it to deep square leg.
no run, short of a length and into the body. They've cramped him up after those first two balls. Leaps off the turf and jams it into the off side.
1 run, moves back and across again, but this time, the bowler does better, pitching the ball up, but not so far that it is a half-volley. With nothing to get under, and no room to work with, he mis-hits to short fine leg.
1 run, full on middle stump, jammed down to long-on.
to Finch, 1 run, slower ball, short of a length, at off, and he runs this behind square on the off side.
no run, googly on middle, pushed back to the bowler.
no run, short of a length, outside off, pushed with an open face to cover-point.
no run, no he won't. Full on off stump, but the batsman does well to get behind the line of the ball, and defend with soft hands.
no run, picks the googly, gets forward and jabs this to cover. Superb first over from the bowler.
1 run, fuller and outside off, the bowler takes pace off again, the batsman can't manufacture it for himself. Tugged away to wide long-on.
no run, full toss outside off, mstimed punch to extra cover.
2 runs, compensates and goes shorter but still offers width, Dhawan punches it off the backfoot, past point for two.
1 run, short and skids in on middle, punched down to long-on.
no run, short outside off, jumps up and knock it to point off the outside of the bat.
OUT, caught at mid-on, the bowler has struck! Wasn't the short on the stumps but the batsman went back to pull and miscued it, easy catch for mid-on.
no run, on a length, slow in the air, defended off the front foot.
1 run, very wide, and cut to deep point.
1 bye, good work by Rahul behind the stumps. the batsman backs away to have a thrash at it through extra cover, but the bowler follows and goes between bat and pad. Because he has moved away so much it's well down leg side but Rahul dives and stops the ball.
no run, good length on middle, but the batsman goes onto the back foot. Fends it back to the bowler with soft hands.
no run, good length outside off, another slower ball. Check-punch to mid-off.
1 run, full ball in at leg stump. Stands tall to nudge this to deep square.
1 run, quicker length ball on middle from around the stumps, punched to midwicket.
no run, good length outside off, blocked on the front foot.
no run, beaten as he looks to run this past slip. Length ball in the corridor.
no run, tossed up at a length on off stump, defended on the front foot.
1 run, short, and down the leg side and he swings this around to long leg. Will be disappointed that he only picks up one for this.
1 run, slower ball short and wide, chopped to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, tosses this up outside off, and the batsman looks to go down the ground. Outside edge carries it past short third man.
1 run, the batsman wants to hit an early six, leaves the crease, but is done in in the air, and ends up with just the single to long-on.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, heaves it out to long-on.
1 run, gets this to turn away and use the angle to push it further away. Cut away for one.
no run, Top work, Abhishek! He's at point and the batsman is looking to smear a near yorker over his head. The open face comes out. The timing is perfect but the fielder leaps up and snatches the ball out of thin air.
1 run, bowls slow, which is why even his short balls can't be timed properly. the batsman is actually into his pull shot too early and ends up mis-hitting to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, fuller around off, the batsman's method is simple, clears his front leg and smashes it over long-off, his fourth six of the innings.
SIX runs, full on off-stump, gives himself a little room, and he lifts it straight over long-off with a straight bat.
2 runs, short of a length just outside off, backs away and punches to sweeper's left.
no run, back to his flatter trajectory, on middle and off, worked to midwicket. The tidy overs are racking up.
1 leg bye, strays on the pads and the batsman is a bit late on it, turns it to short fine. No wonder he was late on it, that's 148kph!.
1 run, fired into leg stump, he works this off the pads behind square.
no run, appeal for catch at the wicket, not given, and they review it. the batsman tries the reverse sweep first ball, the ball turns and bounces, and lobs off the forearm. No glove on the way. Now we will check for the lbw. It is hitting him in line but bouncing over.
1 run, dropped short at leg stump, nails the connection on the pull, but not the placement. Finds deep backward square.
1 run, googly on leg stump, spinning away slowly, pushed to long-on using his wrists.
1 run, full and wide outside off, reaches out and drives to long-off.
no run, backs away again to a good length ball outside off but since it stops on the pitch, the batsman has to check his shot and play with a straight bat to cover.
1 run, length at the body, cramping him for room, awkwardly pushed towards midwicket.
FOUR runs, not with on-pace length balls, no he won't. Singh is staying deep to loft this. Goes wide of long-on.
1 run, good length and swung away in the corridor, opens the face and pushes into the off side.
1 run, breaks the maiden with a steer down to third man, but this is a testing over that the batsman has been fortunate to survive.
2 leg byes, slower ball, follows him, hits the pads, and goes for two leg-byes.
1 run, good length outside off, and plays this legspin down the ground. Punched past the non-striker this time.
FOUR runs, slashed to sweeper's left. Not saving that, third man or not. Short outside off, waits on it again and cuts late.
no run, full, tapped to mid on. No attempt at the run this time.
OUT, caught at long-on! It was all looking so good for the batsman. Well bowled by the bowler, was brave enough to give it some air, the batsman tried to launch it straight, sliced across the shot and provided Pollard a simple catch.
SIX runs, launches it over the wide long-off boundary. Lovely flow through the line from the batsman. Length outside off and he stands still and deftly goes from down to up, perfectly out of the middle of the bat.
no run, length on the pads as he sees the batsman advance down the wicket, cramps him up, the batsman adjusts and tucks it away to squareleg.
SIX runs, half-tracker on middle, and the batsman pulls it away over midwicket! Slight bend of the knee to keep his eyes on the ball, and then sent over the boundary with ease.
no run, back of a length and slanting in from wide of the crease, defended from off stump to the leg side.
1 run, short slower ball, he backed away and reached out slapping this to long off.
no run, short and into the mid-riff as he looks to play the pull.
no run, full ball outside off, plants the front leg out and yorks himself. Looks to flick and gets it into his toe.
2 runs, but now he will amble through for a couple after dunking this length ball into a gap deep on the leg side.
FOUR runs, full on off stump, and that's been drilled! Big stride forward and driven through the cover region. Beautiful.
1 run, slightly shorter, around off, pulled to deep midwicket, one.
no run, all action first-up. Inswinger from Trent the bowler. Not given. Iyer reviews. Good length and snakes back in, the batsman plays around his front pad - like he has done for the most of his career - and is pinned below the knee-roll. Pitching in line: check. Hitting the stumps: check. The tracker returns three reds. There was an inside edge but bat first or pad first? There is no conclusive evidence to overturn the on-field not-out call. This was really tight but the batsman survives in the end.
1 run, realising slip has been pulled out now, the batsman opens the face and secures a single down to third man.
1 run, full now, on off stump, clipped with the turn to deep midwicket.
no run, nicely bowled. Lands this wide after he sees the batsman shape to advance down the pitch. He retreats in the end and lets it go.
1 run, a googly on middle, slogged to deep midwicket. Suryakumar misfields, but no damage done.
no run, short outside off, and that's a wild shot from the batsman. Tries to slap it over point, but absolutely no timing behind that. Through his shot way too early.
no run, good length and just outside off, opens the face and pushes to extra cover.
1 wide, too wide. Overpitched and Suryakumar lets it go through to Buttler.
no run, yorker first up to the batsman, who brings the bat down in time and turns it away from middle stump and into midwicket.
FOUR runs, just over mid-off. A slower delivery outside off, the batsman gets under the length and lifts the ball over the fielder.
no run, full on middle and leg, 132kph, he times this beautifully off his pads but straight to midwicket.
1 run, legcutter, on a length, just outside off, pushed in front of point for one.
no run, well bowled. Slower ball, short of a length outside off. He wants to pull this but can't get bat on it.
FOUR runs, short at the hips, and an elegant short-arm pick-up to deep square's left. Stays very still and waits for this to get right under his head as he pulls off the front foot.
1 run, hits this on the up but straight to long-off.
no run, draws him forward in flight, the batsman defends.
1 run, full and sliding into the pads, clipped through square leg.
no run, What a take! Short on middle, and the batsman's in to position to deal with this. Flies off the surface and the batsman misses the pull. DK, however, displays some great hang time.
no run, slower length ball this time, 115.6kph, stands in his crease and chops it towards mid-off.
1 run, it's all about ticking the singles over now as the batsman too glides a back of a length delivery behind point.
1 run, full on middle stump, miscued slog sweep rolls out to deep midwicket.
1 run, swept all along the ground to deep backward square leg.
no run, length ball, angles across him, and he punches this towards short cover.
1 run, full on off, and driven down the ground to long off for a jogging single.
1 run, short of a length again, into the body, he gets inside the line to take a single to short fine leg.
FOUR runs, gets it past backward point this time, short of length and that little of room outside off, the batsman bisects the gap between backward point and short third man.
OUT, Rashid bursts through the gate of the batsman. Tom Moody in the dug out has a big smile and high-fives Hales. Another googly, good length, breaks back in from outside off, the batsman does not read the variation either, reaches out for a drive and misses. Rashid hits middle stump. the batsman goes and with it CSK's hopes?.
SIX runs, right in his swinging arc, Searles gets under the length and slogs this to just clear wide long on. What a way to begin your IPL career.
1 run, short on middle, pulled all along the ground to deep midwicket where two fielders converge. the batsman wanted the second, Yusuf wasn't ken.
no run, googly, short and into off stump. Cut straight to backward point.
1 run, slower length ball outside off, steered straight to point but he's off the mark.
SIX runs, the batsman dances out, the bowler dangles out a legbreak wide outside off. the batsman goes through with his shot and flat-bats it over the bowler's head.
no run, full on off, and turning away from Rohit as he pushes forward to defend. Ball whizzes past his outside edge, and Rayudu collects this well.
FOUR runs, Lucky, lucky, lucky! What some like to call the French cut. Length ball on off, and angling into Shardul. He tried to punch it straight, but the ball came in, took the inside edge, and went past the keeper's left for four more.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, pushed to cover-point with soft hands.
no run, defends back. the bowler took the pace off, spun back in from length as Surya played that.
1 run, short of a length and turning away outside off, tucked down to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, uppish but safe! This stopped on the batsman as he looked to punch towards midwicket.
FOUR runs, right in the slot, thumped over the bowler's head. No chance for mid-on. Lovely followthrough as he picked the length up.
SIX runs, down the wicket, and whacks this over midwicket. Well struck! Seemed to have pre-meditated it a touch, and Arshdeep fed him the short ball he was anticipating. Not fast enough, I'm afraid .
1 run, full on off, and he walks across to the off side before driving down the ground. Mid-on intercepts.
1 run, short of a length, on the hips, tucked away for a single.
no run, slower short ball outside off, beaten on the cut.
no run, back of a length outside off, a cutter, holds in the pitch and is pushed uncertainly back to the bowler.
1 run, full on leg, and tapped towards the leg side for a single. the batsman wants two, but the fielder - KL Rahul - at the deep does well to drill a flat throw in.
2 runs, slashes this as he gets onto the toes, down to square third man but it's a weak throw from Bumrah as they get back for the second.
1 run, short of a length, into the body, pulled to long-on for one.
1 leg bye, nails the yorker, angling into the batsman's toes and try as he might he can't get any bat to it. They do sneak a leg bye to point though.
1 run, low full toss, driven wide of the flying the bowler for a single.
no run, length at middle stump, looks to drive on the up, cops it on the pad as it breaks into him. Going down, half an appeal from DK.
no run, length outside off, feet doesn't move as the batsman looks to play it on the off side, misses.
1 run, punches this length delivery to cover, a direct hit at the bowler's end and it would've been interesting.
no run, good length outside off, and the batsman tentatively pokes at it. Tapped towards point and the fielders come swooping in.
no run, another slower ball, knuckle ball, 109ks, another swing and a miss.
1 run, full, outside off, pushed to long-on for one.
2 runs, full, on off but swinging inwards. He mistimes a leg-side slog to deep midwicket.
no run, slower short ball wide of off. Hardik, who took that premeditated back and across step again, looks to pull and misses, through his swing too early.
FOUR runs, oh sweet sound. He has bludgeoned this sweep. Good length and just outside off, down and on the front foot again, and the conventional sweep blazes past square leg.
1 run, Dhawan looks for the ramp over short fine, the bowler bowls the slower one and also wide of off. He can't place it wide of the man. Just the single.
no run, who needs swing? the bowler consigns the batsman to his backside. A sharp bouncer as he shuffles back and across. It's climbing up at his helmet and he quickly gets under it and can't hold his balance.
OUT, full, just outside off, and Yusuf goes for an expansive sweep. Tries to drag this from beyond the stumps, and that's been top-edged to the fielder at deep square leg. the bowler's on a roll, folks!.
1 leg bye, the bowler appeals loudly for lbw as the batsman goes down on a knee to sweep that to the leg side but misses it. Not given as runs and Kohli reviews it. It hit the batsman around his waist but height may not be a problem, did it pitch in line? Pitches in line, and that has actually gone past and over stump so RCB lose a review.
no run, 139 kph, strays down leg. the batsman misses a flick. Just clips the pad to the keeper.
no run, wide on the crease, short of a length, pushed straight to cover.
1 run, short of a length just outside off. Shuffles across and whips it to deep square.
SIX runs, he's deposited this into the second tier at long-on. Too short, tripe delivery. Clean swing as Harshal muscled this away.
1 run, skids one through on off, steered to third man.
1 run, good length on the stumps, nudged into the offside for a single.
1 run, touch short and whipped away into the leg side, sounded sweet off the bat but the man in the deep comes around.
2 runs, good length and just outside off, leans in and languidly punches to deep point's left.
1 run, back of a length on off, and the batsman comfortably pulls it over short fine-leg's head.
FOUR runs, reverse-sweep, and it is a good'un. Takes it from just outside off, and this is hit so hard it gives short third man no chance. It is not too far from the man, mind.
no run, too full and given room outside off, stroked away nicely, but point is alert and intercepts.
SIX runs, dropped! And he might have tipped it into the boundary padding too! Mayank at long-off. Full ball outside off, gets low and drills it flat. He's inside by quite a bit and gets his hands on this, but it floats and lands on the padding. Oh boy.
1 run, tossed up on middle, and the batsman attempts a wide leg-side heave. Hit towards midwicket, but was in the air for a while.
no run, well bowled, the right length. Quick outside off, not full, not short. the batsman misses a cut.
no run, beats the outside edge. Lovely curving outswinger from the corridor. Draws him forward and makes him push with hard hands.
1 run, goes back, thinking this short ball is a legbreak, but it nips back in and messes with his cut shot.
no run, on a length, outside off, push-driven on the up, but can't beat the man at point. Looks in good touch.
no run, good length outside off, but sharply spins inwards. the batsman mistimes his punch back to the bowler.
1 run, Chahal drops a regulation catch at the sweeper cover boundary. Tossed up and spins away outside off, the batsman drives it inside-out. Hoisted in the air with a high elbow, Chahal makes a royal mess of it and gives the batsman another life.
no run, full outside off, the batsman presses forward for that trademark all-hands jab to extra-cover.
SIX runs, clean strike over the bowler's head, just eludes a leaping McCullum at long-off. Can't go length at this stage of the innings.
1 run, short outside off, and he pulls this along the ground. Falls just short of midwicket and the throw hits Kishan's eyes on the bounce! This looks bad. He's on the ground, whimpering in pain. Hardik Pandya's hands on his head, he was the man who threw the ball. Kishan's still on the floor, and the team management look worried. His right eye looks very swollen. The physio is still working on him and I think he's being taken off. A big lump near his eye as he walks out of the ground. Who will keep now?.
to Jadeja, SIX runs, pulled over wide long-on! Jadeja points to the dugout, then turns around and underlines his name  on the jersey. And then holds a finger up. He's scored 29 off the 30 they needed in the last two overs. It's another length ball across the corridor, and it's another pull. Flat and safely wide of the fielder in the deep.
OUT, toe-ends a lofted hit straight to mid-off.  First IPL wicket for the bowler  and a slower delivery has earned him one. His one-time Karnataka team-mate takes the catch.
FOUR runs, edged away to bring up his fifty. the bowler drags him wide with a length ball angled away from him. He looking to drive it down he ground, and the edge is healthy enough to fly wide of Pant.
SIX runs, full on middle and leg, but too easy for the batsman. Shuffles across to the off side, gets down on one knee, and slogs it over fine leg!.
no run, right to the pitch as he eases this, backward point swoops in to prevent a single. Gowtham, I think it is.
1 run, slower length ball around off, waits for it before turning it towards square leg.
no run, tossed up around off, comes forward and defends it back towards the bowler.
1 run, taps this gently into the off side as they take a quick single.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and he opens his bat's face to play it towards point. They scamper across quickly for the run after a slight miscommunication.
SIX runs, oooooover point! These are not easy hits! These need to be timed insanely well. Especially considering this is a near-yorker well outside leg stump, But the batsman leaps away to his left, making tons and tons of room, then works extra hard to get under the ball and lift it all the way. Blistering cricket.
1 run, pulled away as the bowler gets a little big on him. It excites RCB but the ball falls well short of deep square leg.
1 run, wide, outside off, and he goes back and cuts this towards backward point.
1 run, full on middle stump, jammed down to long-on.
no run, on a length, outside off, holds its line, defended with an open face.
2 runs, walks down the ground and waits for this slower one to come on before picking the gap between midwicket and long-on. Pushes back for a quick second.
no run, beaten on the pull. short ball in the channel and the batsman wanted to pull but the ball goes over the bat at shoulder height.
2 runs, width offered outside off, and that's been comfortably cut to deep point. They jog back for the second run. Bad throw from the deep, so the batsmen contemplate taking a third, but eventually choose not to.
FOUR runs, back of a length outside off, but the batsman's pull goes over short third man! Sliced, really, and that's a useful four runs.
no run, length and in at the body as he walks down on this. Looks to flick, gets it pitch side on the leg side off the high part of the bat.
OUT, has Stokes caught that cleanly? The umpires are going to have a look. In the batsman's slot for the lofted drive, which he hits hard and flat, but Stokes is on the boundary at long-on. He was stepping backwards as he took the catch over his head, about to tumble past the boundary, so he flicked it in the air, then stepped on the rope, and managed to return to the field of play and complete the catch comfortably enough in the end. Perhaps unwise of the batsman to take on the deep fielder in this situation, but he's played an excellent hand for KKR.
SIX runs, this is clean clean monstrous hitting. the bowler gives him a length ball, and he makes room and unleashes a pure golf swing to send him back over his head. Not sure which part of Sharjah this ball has landed in. Fifty for the batsman.
1 run, short of a length outside off, back-foot square drive is stopped by Rayudu who dives to his right at point.
1 run, length outside off, shuffles before getting down on one knee to sweep it towards deep midwicket.
1 run, full on off, pushed to mid-off for a quick single.
1 run, short of a good length outside off, slashed to sweeper cover on the up.
no run, dabs this to short third, looks for a single but is sent back.
1 run, fuller on the pads, the batsman stays in the crease and drives it towards midwicket.
1 run, googly but the length is on the shorter side, forced to deep point.
FOUR runs, sliced over point. Good length and just outside off. Got his front leg into the leg  side and opens the face at it. Not sure if he wanted it there, looked like was an attempt to go over extra cover.
1 run, outside off, and Bhuvi's done playing around. Wild swing, and sliced over cover. Falls juuust short of the man in the deep.
1 run, belts this full toss to long-off, another half-century for the batsman. His 10th overall in the IPL.
1 run, good length, just outside off, and he pushes at it with soft hands. Played in the gap in front of cover, and the batsman gets off the mark.
2 runs, short of a length and turning away outside off. Allows it on and chops to sweeper's right.
1 run, quicker length ball on the stumps, jabbed down the ground, past the stumps and to the right of long-on.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off, and he tries to play the drive. But he's too late into the shot, and it's taken a thick outside-edge to short third man.
2 runs, picked off the hips through square leg for a couple.
FOUR runs, dropped at deep backward square! And goes for four. Another low full toss on middle, and that's been whipped off his pads. Duminy got under it, but messes it all up. The ball pops out, takes a bounce, and then goes for four. Kolkata need 23 off the final over.
1 wide, changes the plan. Bowls a wide length ball. Goes too wide.
2 runs, third umpire checking for run out at striker's end. He's well in. A full ball flicked to Padikkal's right at deep midwicket, they take his arm on and do it successfully.
FOUR runs, the bowler lobs up a legbreak outside off, Suryakumar ventures outside leg and drives it inside-out. Lifted up and over short extra cover.
1 run, good length on off, and the batsman taps it off the back foot with soft hands. It's going to point, but enough time to scamper across for the run.
to Kohli, 1 run, full, outside off, driven to long-off for one.
1 run, presses forward and punches a length ball towards midwicket.
OUT, he's got him! There is one hero in the Mumbai Indians team too! 2 for 12 in his fourth over before this ball. Jasprit the bowler's slower ball has deceived the batsman again. It's in the slot - overpitched outside off - and the batsman is looking to deposit this over long-off. It's off the toe-end and is taken well inside the boundary. It's a sensational, if not legendary innings, from this man. But he's fallen with 10 balls to go.
1 run, length, angled in, the batsman makes room and punches it past the bowler's left for one down to long-off.
1 run, pitched up outside off, pushed along the ground to long-on.
FOUR runs, sweeet. the batsman stands tall and slaps one over the non-striker. Length ball wide outside off but he shuffles and closes the face as he lifts this on the up.
2 runs, full and fast, clipped off the toes, easy two into the leg side.
no run, short of a length at middle stump, backs into the leg side and punches straight to extra cover.
1 leg bye, short of a length on the pads. Looks to play the glance, gets it into the square leg region.
FOUR runs, the bowler goes very full on off stump, 141.5ks, Parthiv picks it up and simply chips it in the air over midwicket for back-to-back fours.
no run, a wide yorker outside off, jammed out. I wonder why spinners don't bowl that more, it's a very good defensive option, right?.
1 run, full on off, and spins sharply inwards. Worked off his legs to deep midwicket.
1 run, full and straight on middle, the batsman takes a step forward and clips it off his toes to deep midwicket.
no run, short and wide outside off, cut to point.
1 run, length on middle and leg, looks to smash it on the leg side, ends up more like dragging towards deep backward square leg.
1 run, full on middle, straighter one, the batsman skips down the wicket and has a swing but only gets a thick inside edge, along the ground to deep squareleg.
1 run, drags it a bit short, he goes back and flicks to deep midwicket.
1 run, full googly outside off, leans in and drives to long-off.
FOUR runs, past Gambhir's right this time at mid-off. No swing at all for the bowler. It's full outside off and a gentle loosener for Suryakumar to drive easily. Drilled.
FOUR runs, Tyagi comes in and this clears him at deep midwicket. Short ball really dug in. the batsman steps out and puts his entire upper body into this pull shot, back leg lifted and all. Tyagi is already in from the rope on the big side, but he takes a few more steps in and that costs him.
2 runs, full, just outside off, and he slaps a square drive to deep extra cover.
no run, back of a length on off stump, and the batsman pulls, but the ball goes under his bat and through to the keeper. The umpire raises his finger for the caught behind, but the batsman reviews straightaway. Replays show it came off his waist region.
no run, disappointed with himself as he can't get this square cut past backward point. A hint of width outside off and he makes good connection on it.
FOUR runs, and that's some welcome back. Down the track first ball as the bowler spears one down on leg stump. Skips away from the line to make swinging room, and absolutely monsters it back over the bowler's head.
OUT, slashes this straight down the throat of third man. Yusuf looked to upper cut, this one didn't bounce as much as he would've liked. Easy catch, the bowler continues to impress with every outing.
no run, flat length ball outside off. Looks for the slog-sweep and only manages an inside-edge into his pad.
1 run, the batsman goes deep to pull this length ball over midwicket for one.
2 runs, in the air but beats short midwicket, length ball on middle and leg, flicked uppishly towards midwicket, Rahid with a direct-hit from deep midwicket but Agarwal was well in. Seventeen from that over.
SIX runs, pick-up shot to deep square's right. Overpitched on leg stump, a deliberate aerial flick. It's not too far to the fielder's right, just a few metres, but it was away from him quickly.
OUT, a touch fuller outside off, comes down the track and looks to clear long-off, stays inside the line of the ball but cannot middle it, du Plessis comes in a few steps and takes it tumbling forward.
2 runs, and he bowls short and wide outside off. That's not prudent from the bowler. Lucky that cover dives on top of this cut - looks like Watson - and manages to parry it keep it to two.
1 run, pulls his length back, length on off, opens the face and gets a single down to third-man.
1 run, yorker at off stump, jammed into the covers.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched wide of mid-off for one.
1 wide, back of a length on middle and leg, and once again down the leg side with the batsman attempting no shot. He doesn't have to.
no run, back of a length and outside off, punched through the line to cover.
2 runs, back of a length now, digs this slower offcutter into the pitch, and angles it away from the batsman's hitting arc. Again hits along the ground, and again into the gap between long-on and deep midwicket to pick up two more.
1 run, back of a length and pushed to long-on.
1 run, wide yorker, squeezed down to third man.
1 run, full in the corridor, gets the front leg out and slices it but can't beat sweeper cover to the right.
no run, length on middle and leg, looks to flick towards midwicket but mistimes it towards square leg.
no run, length at the stumps, tapped back with the angle, can't beat the bowler to his right.
no run, fizzing legbreak that he lands at length, defended from the crease.
OUT, Umesh floors the off stump with a 141.1kph rocket. Follows the short ball with a full one. the batsman hangs back, then ventures outside the leg stump and searches for a drive. Umesh goes very full - not quite a yorker - the batsman reaches out for the ball but is beaten by late outswing. Cracking first over from Umesh. He thrives bowling in the Powerplay.
1 run, tries to sweep this non-turner from outside off and gets an inside edge that barely missesthe stumps.
1 run, full and just outside off, leans in and pushes that to point off the front foot.
SIX runs, slower short ball, sitting up nicely down leg side. Reaches out and slaps this over short fine. Hard enough to just clear the boundary too.
FOUR runs, flat bats this full toss back over the bowler's head, long on comes around but Woakes can't get there. The season's highest individual score.
no run, good length at off stump, backs into the leg side and defends into the covers.
FOUR runs, slower, short, and angled into him, the batsman pulls it through backward of square leg with a well-controlled shot. That was the knuckle ball.
1 run, leading edge as this rolls to short third man. the batsman was squared up, looked to work this to midwicket. Sharp turn for the bowler.
1 run, OUT, back of a length outside off, punched between wide long-on and deep midwicket. They try to push back for the second and has there been another run out? Yes. The bat's in the air as the zingers light up. Axar pays the price for failing to drag the bat across. Simply hangs it loose in the air and then tries to plant it down. But it's too late and he has to continue running in that direction towards the change rooms.
FOUR runs, too short, and punished! the batsman opens up the leg side and pulls this to the right of deep midwicket.
OUT, strikes first ball does Mishy! Kishan picks out long-on. The first ball after the time-out too. He picked that ball to attack well, ran to the pitch of the legbreak and launched a swat to long-on. Shankar runs around the boundary nicely, to his left, and takes a good reverse-cupped catch with his feet inches away from the boundary.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, deflected into the leg side.
FOUR runs, and that's a reply and a half! SKY is elated with that. It's a knuckle ball, short and outside off. He backs into the leg side, stays more upright this time and manages to swipe that over short fine.
1 wide, stumps him?. the bowler sees the batsman haring down the pitch and slides the ball so beautiful wide outside the off stump. The batsman swings in complete desperation, misses it altogether, but replays show he does have the agility to shove his bat inside the crease before Pooran could break the stumps. The wicketkeeper had a huge distance to cover, collecting the ball and breaking the stumps.
no run, yorker wide of off, and he's beaten! Incredible over from the bowler.
no run, the batsman uses his feet, the bowler goes short and cramps him for room. Played back to the bowler in the end.
no run, slower delivery outside off, the batsman picks out short third man as he tries to steer it wider. Doesn't have the pace to work with again.
2 runs, doesn't bother with the straight bat. A stock delivery on off, the batsman stays low and sweeps to deep square leg for a couple.
OUT, he's picked out the lone man in the deep! Short, the batsman rocks back and wallops the pull. Hit so well, so hard but Rutherford is lurking. Does a thigh slap to the crowd as he takes it. the batsman has a wry smile as he walks back, almost disbelief that he hit it to the man there. Huge moment in the game.
1 run, slower ball, full, driven down to long-on for one.
no run, steps out to whack this slower ball into the neighbouring football stadium, but misses. Swung through too early. Head all over the place.
1 run, short of a length around off, tucked off the pads through midwicket.
no run, short ball at the body as the batsman looks to back away but eventually ducks under it.
no run, tossed up, seems like the slider, defended back to him.
no run, length ball on middle, and skidding into Dhawan's pads. Rocks back, and punches to mid off.
OUT, the batsman goes for his seventh successive boundary, this time he holes out to long-off. Tossed outside off and spins away further, the batsman lines up for the loft over long-off. He can only slice it away to Suryakumar in the outfield. Blistering innings, nonetheless. And he make it look as easy as eating a sandwich.
no run, sharp inswinger! Curves in significantly and raps the pad but would have headed down leg with that angle. Wicket maiden from the young fast bowler. What a start!.
no run, length outside off, appreciable turn away, the batsman pushes it to cover.
1 run, on the pads, worked away down to short fine leg for a run.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, looks to drive straight but it hits the outer half and rolls towards long-off.
no run, slower one, fuller on the stumps, flicked towards short midwicket once again, Nabi there.
FOUR runs, swept against the turn from the meat of the bat and that reaches the boundary before a fielder an blink. Not that full, but DK swivels his bat with that loop and smashes it.
1 run, length ball on off stump, angling into Rohit. Drilled down the ground to Chahar at long on for a walking single.
no run, almost 147kph, length in the channel, surprises the batsman with the pace who was stuck in the crease, looks to play it with the hands and misses.
2 runs, plays this in front of the front pad and manages to place this square on the leg side for a couple.
no run, good length and pushed across off stump. Patted to midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, wrong'un, on a length, on off, turning away, cut away to deep cover.
1 run, full and straight, pushed down the ground for one.
no run, slows is down and pulls his length back as he sees the batsman advance, but the batsman adjusts well and pushes it back to the bowler after being deceived in the air.
OUT, he is hit wicket. Goes deep to counter the yorker and shuffles to the off stump, but loses the whereabouts of his stumps. the bowler delivers the yorker, which the batsman wants to steer, but as the bat comes down, it knocks off the off bail.
FOUR runs, bouncer, quick, and the batsman loves the pace. Uses it to help it past short fine leg for four.
3 wide, slow through the air, barely wanting the ball to bounce with that side-arm action. It goes down leg and Rahul fumbles.
2 runs, yorker at middle stump, clears the front leg and jams it to long-on's right.
1 run, overpitched outside off, driven to long-off. A nice over from the bowler.
1 run, short and wide outside off, punched to long-off.
no run, slower bouncer, 127ks, the batsman backs away to pull, but connects only with the dry Sharjah air.
no run, falls short of the bowler. Good length and dipping outside off. Pokes with hard hands.
FOUR runs, a thundering pull brings four! This wasn't all that short, but Rohit read the length really early, hopping back to get himself into position and then cracking the ball hard and into the gap between long on and deep midwicket.
OUT, straight to short midwicket. Umesh again provides RCB with crucial strikes. Royals cannot afford to slow down anymore, and the batsman has paid the price for checking his stroke here. Closes the face from outside off to a length ball and the follow-through isn't great as he's caught in two minds. Chips it straight to Moeen Ali.
1 run, pitched up on middle, driven to long-on.
no run, full inswinger in the corridor, jammed out to mid-on.
(no ball) SIX runs, That is three in a row. Holly Molly. Short of a length, and he makes room again to send this flat over cow corner for another six. Plus this is a no-ball. A big no-ball. CSK losing the plot here.
1 run, almost a brilliant catch at mid off! He charged and drives flat in the air to mid off who dives forward but gets it on the half-volley.
no run, short of a length, shuffles across and punches firmly to cover where Billings moves to his left and makes a tumbling stop.
no run, short of a length, middle and off, seams away to beat him.
1 run, full on middle stump, and yet another watchful drive from the batsman. This one to long-on.
1 run, dropped short and outside off again, scythed away to sweeper cover off the back foot.
1 run, back of a length on leg, and he flicks this to deep midwicket.
1 wide, full and swung down leg side, beaten on the flick.
1 run, OUT, offcutter on middle stump. It's angling across his body, and the batsman cuts to deep point. He wants the second run, but that could be dangerous! QDK quickly takes the bails off, and we need the third umpire. He's gone! Bat on the line, but you know what they say, that crease belongs to the umpire. (adds a dollar to the cliche jar).
1 run, length on leg stump, nudged through midwicket off the back foot.
no run, fired outside off, driven to cover.
FOUR runs, full and wide outside off, another googly. the batsman down on one knee and drives cleanly to clear extra cover.
no run, wide of the crease, breaks back in on off, sharp offbreak, punched off the back foot to cover.
1 run, goes full and across, Dhawan is half-forward as he pushes this onto his boot, the ball rolls behind the stumps and they scamper a run.
FOUR runs, ramped to fine third man! Brilliant batting! This was a bouncer high outside off, he leaned back and ramped it fine with third man inside the circle!.
SIX runs, that de Kock drop is hurting them now. the batsman picks the slower ball early, and slogs it over the short boundary for a six over midwicket.
no run, outside off again, and angling into the batsman. Punched to cover once again.
FOUR runs, edged to third man! the bowler finds the channel outside off, and the batsman just hangs his bat out at it. There's no slip in place, so it's relatively safe to go fishing. And he's got four for it.
1 run, length on middle, tucked away to deep midwicket.
1 run,  on the bounce to Dhawan at deep midwicket!  Made an awesome sound off the bat as he flat-batted this pull, but that's as much as there was to it. Completely mistimed.
1 run, driven back towards long on.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, chopped to point's right.
1 run, on a length, just outside off, pushed to mid-off for one. They are targetting Russell in the field.
2 runs, sees him winding up and fires this full and wide, the batsman reaches out for a wallop, loses his shape, balance but somehow manages to skews it into the gap at sweeper cover.
no run, backs away to try to cut, the bowler stays short of a length, and beats him with the pace and the bounce.
1 run, length, and he has got a hold of this too, but it goes on a bounce to deep midwicket.
1 run, back of a length on off, and the natural angle takes it into the batsman. Worked off his chest to deep midwicket. Kings XI 54 for 2 after the Powerplay.
2 runs, lovely shot. All hands and strong wrists. This shortish ball gets big on him, but he goes through with the back-foot drive. To the right of cover-point. Nagarkoti's chase and dive saves two runs for KKR. Well he saves one, and casual running saves the other.
no run, arm ball nearly sneaks past the inside edge. Suryakumar solid on the front foot though as he defends this.
no run, good length and at off stump. Nicely behind that to defend off the back foot.
2 runs, short outside off, carved away down to third man for a couple, well played. Take what you can now.
SIX runs, shot! Sends the ball sailing straight to welcome RCB's best bowler. Full on off, gets the front leg out, holds his shape, launches it straight with the full face offered.
no run, lbw appeal turned down. Half an appeal. Short of a length and climbing into his thigh as he looks to glance that.
FOUR runs, full and wide outside off,  and the batsman reaches at it to slap it over point. The ball was past the tramlines anyway, so he had to stretch slightly more.
FOUR runs, but the riposte from the batsman is immediate, stepping into a smoking drive, on the up, through cover point. It was the width that invited the shot.
2 runs, on middle, and angling into his pads. the batsman pushes it off his pads to the vacant square-leg region, and there's enough time to come back for the second.
2 runs, full-toss wide of off stump, slapped off the front foot to the right of sweeper cover.
2 runs, on a length, on off, and they pinch a third straight couple. Soft hands here. They know it is not easy to hit boundaries here.
1 run, too short and he slaps this to deep cover.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, patted down to long-on.
2 runs, shuffles across, takes a length ball from off to work it past square leg for a couple.
no run, short of a length, wide, slower, he looks to run it past that wide slip but can't beat him.
no run, kicks up from a back of a length outside off, the batsman has a loose waft at it and is beaten on the outside edge.
no run, the pitch is too slow. New batsmen can't come in and go bang bang. Not even the batsman, who goes for a big hit and ends up chopping it back to the bowler.
1 run, steps out and punches this on the up to long off.
no run, short of a length and cramping him. He pushes it back down the pitch.
1 run, good length on off, and that's been played to the midwicket fielder off the front foot. Calls early for the single.
no run, length at middle stump, defended off the back foot.
no run, length on off, shape away from the batsman, the batsman tries to drag it on the pull but is early into the stroke and there isn't enough bounce either.
no run, back of a length on off stump, punched to extra-cover.
SIX runs, short and put away. the batsman rocks back and muscles this pull over deep midwicket. That's adding insult to injury.
no run, short of a length just outside off, defended to point off the back foot.
no run, slower ball, outside off, and he looks to go over midwicket and misses out completely.
FOUR runs, short of a length, just outside off, but Dhawan opens the bat face really late to guide this between the keeper and short third man.
1 run, reaches out for it this time and sweeps it away for one.
FOUR runs, length, and he has biffed this through covers. Very well connected by the batsman!.
FOUR runs, full toss and he takes toll of it, launching it high and handsome towards deep midwicket, couple of bounces and into the fence.
1 run, backs into the leg side, the bowler bowls a front-of-the-hand quicker one. It's a full toss and he looks to slog that. Can only get it out to deep midwicket with a couple of bounces. The umpire says no-ball and then overturns it? Not sure if that was a no-ball call or if he was holding his arm out to tell the bowler the batsman isn't ready. Might be the latter given the lack of protests around. Or they checked and he got confirmation that is wasn't above waist height because he was touching his earpiece. Nothing clear at the moment, other than the fact it's not a no-ball.
1 run, just back of length around off and this one is punched down to long-on for one.
2 runs, length ball on off, and he backs away to cut this googly to deep point. Misfield from Rabada allows them to take the second run. Timeout.
SIX runs, welcome to the IPL, young man says the batsman. Sashays down the pitch and whips him over midwicket. That sailed over.
no run, slider outside off, stretches out and drives to the covers.
1 run, yorker outside off, jammed down to long-on.
SIX runs, high and long! Lunges forward for the length delivery and gets under the ball really well to send that flying over long on. the bowler shut his eyes as soon as the batsman launched it.
1 run, full toss on off stump, and the batsman gets his front foot out of the way to mistime it towards cow corner. Only a single this time.
2 runs, squeezes his flick to deep square, once again went for a leg-stump yorker.
SIX runs, slugged over long-on. Poor length from Curran. Just short of a driving length and with a lot of room outside off. Plants the front leg down and drags it on the up with his quick wrists.
1 run, OUT, stunning effort in the deep by Nitish Rana! This is yorker-length outside off, Carlos carves this with an opened bat face towards square third man, where he covers at least 20 yards around the ropes before diving. Recovers quickly and then throws right on the bounce to DK who whips the bails off to beat a diving Carlos.
SIX runs, drags it over the long-on boundary this time! Full and in the corridor. He stays leg side of it with the front leg out of the way, but he has a good reach. And a good swing. Dominant batting.
1 run, fullish outside off, driven to long-on.
no run, beaten. Good length and turning away outside off, looks to punch that through the covers.
FOUR runs, he goes around the wicket for the bouncer, all with the aim of cramping the batsman up. But the genius that he is, the batsman sways away, makes his own room and lifts it over short third man's head.
1 run, half-tracker on off, dragged only as far as deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, outside edge goes for four given some more air, pitches and turns away. the batsman wanted to force it through cover, ends up with an edge that goes fine. No slip of course.
1 run, too short, uses the width to punch to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, full and at middle and leg. Gets low and swings across the line to get this sweep to long-on's left.
nan
no run, length on off, hint of movement back in, the batsman punches it straight to point.
OUT, holes out! Silence at the Chinnaswamy. Full on off, and the the batsman goes for the big shot again. Tries to lift it over long on again, and the ball was wide enough for him use his arms, but it comes off the toe-end of his bat and Livingstone makes no mistake.
no run, slower through the air so Dhawan tries the paddle sweep but is still early into it. Hit on the back of the bat.
1 run, length ball just outside off. Shuffles and taps to deep midwicket.
1 run, tapped into space in front of midwicket for one.
SIX runs, there's six. The first of the night. 1000 IPL runs. It won't be the last six of the evening either. A full delivery outside off, the batsman just caresses an extra cover drive and it travels well over cover.
no run, the batsman gets the length ball to swing at, but the bowler is quick, at 148ks, and it bounces over his big swing.
1 run, length ball, absolutely shovels it straight over, and mid-off gets around to his left and makes a sharp save.
SIX runs, it's that trademark the batsman loft over the covers. Short ball on off, enough room for the batsman to throw everything at it, big and hard hit and it's sailed over the off side.
1 run, quicker one as Faf jumps down the pitch. Nearly yorks himself. Has just managed to squeeze it down to long-off.
1 run, good length and in at middle stump, punched to mid-on's right.
OUT, dug in short, the batsman hacks across the line, Rutherford holds on to the top edge! That was an unequal five-ball contest, the bowler the winner by knockout as the batsman's wild swing failed to get beyond the ring - though it took some catching, as the ball practically came down with ice on it.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked to midwicket.
2 runs, full outside off, crisply driven through the covers and long-off cuts it off to his right but can't prevent two.
1 run, digs it in short but going down leg, which lets the batsman pull it down to deep square leg.
1 run, flat legbreak on leg stump, swept along the ground to deep backward square leg.
2 runs, back of a length, closer to off stump, lets it come on and steers to the left of third man.
1 run, full and wide, dug out to deep cover.
to Buttler, 1 leg bye, short of a length again, Buttler looks to pull again, but this is not short enough and hits the pad for a leg-bye.
SIX runs, drilled over long-off for the fifty. Sweeet hit. It's a cross-seam, good length ball, friendly driving length just outside off. And he gets deep in the crease and crunches it.
no run, yorker length outside off, beaten on the attempted drive through cover.
OUT, thick edge is taken! On the second attempt by QDK. It's coming apart rapidly for DC. Short of a length ball slanted into the corridor. the batsman looks to force it through the covers off the back foot, but he's ended up playing inside the line. It pops out of QDK's grasp before he takes it.
5 wide, back of a length on middle, but going down the leg side. the batsman swivels to pull, but he can't get any connection. No worries for Kings XI, though, since Pant can't hold on to it either.
no run, quicker, short of a length, hits him on the thigh pad with movement back in.
1 run, gets some shape on the ball away, and it ends up well wide of offstump. Slapped to deep cover.
1 run, full ball, and he flicks this away towards midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, straight, pushed wide of short midwicket for one.
no run, stumping appeal sent upstairs. Full and wide and slow outside off. the batsman plays the big slog sweep and is beaten. The back toe was out briefly but he's got half the foot back in as he gets back up from the sweeping position.
no run, googly at a good length, in at off stump. Blocked on the front foot.
1 run, slower, length ball, and it keeps low too. the batsman tries to flick through midwicket but finds the ball popping up in the air and going way too straight.
no run, short of a length, outside off, pushed to cover-point this time.
no run, slower short ball just outside off, beaten on the pull.
1 run, good length on off stump, nudged into the covers off the back foot.
1 run, 92kph, leg break, he's back and cutting to deep point.
no run, length on middle stump, solidly defended to mid-on off the front foot.
FOUR runs, short of length around off, the batsman transfers his weight back and pulls it towards deep square leg, one-bounce four.
FOUR runs, exquisite. Full ball outside off and he leans into a gorgeous cover drive. Not much of a follow through but the timing is so good it races all the way to the boundary.
FOUR runs, smashed. Khaleel's short ones were getting hit, so he goes full this time outside off, and the batsman just pummels it through cover for another four.
1 run, good length, slower ball at off stump. Walks into the leg side and punches straight to extra cover.
no run, is he stumped? Beaten outside off by a shorter, flatter delivery. Think he's managed to push the foot back across the line, he's done well there.
no run, that's the class and experience of the bowler at this stage of the innings. A wide yorker, sneaks under the bat. CSK need five more of these from him.
nan
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
no run, blocks the shortish delivery on off stump to point.
2 runs, length on the pads, the batsman helps it along to deep backward squareleg's right for two.
OUT, legspinner's dream ball! Sweeeet. Full, but wide outside off, and KW couldn't pick the line. He came shimmying down the wicket trying to play it big, but the ball drifts away from the batsman, lands near the tramlines, and then Dhoni does the rest. A rare pre-meditated shot attempted by the batsman.
no run, bouncer at a leg stump line, backs into the leg side and swipes, well beaten.
1 run, short ball, gets big on him as he looks to get inside the line, gloves it away for one to fine leg.
1 run, walks across and squeezes this wide yorker to Umesh again, at mid-off. Followed the batsman's movements there.
SIX runs, up, up and over. Not a half-volley, but he still decided to go downtown and cleared the straight boundary.
no run, spots Dhawan coming out of his crease and pulls his length back, forcing the batsman to defend to cover. Brilliant skill under pressure from Bhajji.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, dragged away towards long-on.
no run, another shot to the same fielder but the intent was a lot different on this occasion. He reached out to a widish length ball and threw hard hands looking to force it through the off side.
OUT, that is the game. the batsman has left himself too much to do. Now he is obliged to slog at the best bowler. Gets a bottom edge, which carries to the keeper. He will have to review how he misread the pitch and went pace, pace, pace. Then he was pretty much forced to show no intent against spin because of the grip on the surface and the three wickets lost inside the Powerplay.
2 runs, slower ball, short of a length, punched hard, forward of deep cover, Rabada puts in a dive, saves two runs. Are SRH thinking of their own fielding effort?.
1 run, uses a strong bottom hand to drill that through the covers. Have to settle for one.
FOUR runs, full on off stump, and this time the batsman drills this straight. Big backlift, and thumped over the bowler's head.
1 run, good length and into the corridor. Chopped to sweeper cover.
no run, googly outside off, the ball beats the bat.
1 run, short of a length and rising in the corridor. Gets on top of the bounce and dabs it to point's right.
1 leg bye, jumps out of his crease and the bowler tucks him up with a slower short one at his hip. Looks to flick, only manages a bit of thigh pad into the leg side.
1 run, full and wide, and Dhawan drives it hard to wide long-off. The fielder there is wide so they will get just one.
1 run, misfield at mid-off as the batsman watchfully blocks towards the fielder and sends back Gayle looking for one. The fielder lets it slip through the legs and they take the one anyway.
1 run, attempted big sweep, not hit cleanly, which is just as well as this falls short of deep midwicket.
2 runs, digs it in, short and turning away outside off. Steps out and hoicks off the inside edge to get this to deep midwicket's right.
no run, length outside off, rips past the outside edge as he pokes at it.
1 wide, short and wide outside off, left alone.
no run, good length on off stump, defends.
SIX runs, shot up on his toes and slashes it over third man. Too short again and outside off, Dhawan read the length early and was in position to execute the shot perfectly.
no run, slower ball, a tentative push from the batsman, and he edges this onto his pad.
1 run, driven with the spin to wide long off.
2 runs, another no-ball for height this time slower ball goes wrong ends up above waist height and the batsman is able to shovel-flick it away. Okay scratch that, they have revoked that no-ball. And unprecedented - Dhoni is walking on the field to argue with the umpires He's arguing with them, the bowler is in the thick of it. Scenes! Scenes! Dhoni will earn himself a sanction. And CSK are going to be docked 'fairplay' points. The umpire had stuck his hand out, but the square leg umpire said that was not a no-ball.
1 run, in the block hole, nice and accurate, the batsman digs it out to long-on for one.
2 runs, on a length again, on off, pushed wide of long-on for two.
no run, hooked to short fine on the bounce. Short one up at the ribs and it looks like he gets that off the glove. 151.2kph ball.
2 runs, again the slow wide legbreak just like Chahal bowls to the batsman. He tries to skip down the track, but gets an outside edge over slip.
1 run, length ball, spinning in on middle and leg, helped along to fine leg.
1 bye, well bowled by the bowler, who changes it up with a slower bouncer that the batsman can't lay bat on. Again they pinch a bye.
SIX runs, a bit of width, a rarity from the bowler. Drops a bit short too, and the batsman rocks back and lofts this down the ground with a pretty much straight-bat shovelling action, over mid-off, and connects so well it carries all the way.
1 run, slider that drifts back in to keep a touch low, the batsman eases this down to deep point.
1 run, full and wide outside off, but the batsman manages to flat-bat it over the bowler's head. Off the bat's toe end, and down to long on.
1 wide, short of a length and down leg side, past the attempted glance.
1 run, just a boring old single down the ground to end the over.
1 run, quick, flat and in line with the stumps, Rohit plays with the turn and flicks to midwicket.
no run, full on off stump, and going across Rohit. Punched off the back foot to cover point.
no run, appeal for a catch at the wicket down the leg side, but this has come off the pad. the batsman misses out on a leg-side gift as he is late into the glance.
FOUR runs, good length on off stump and angling away from the batsman. the batsman simply backs away and thumps it to the long-on boundary.
no run, there's a sound! Catch behind. Rahul won't review, he signals that it might have been the batsman's chain.  He might be right. It's nowhere near the bat as he pokes awkwardly at this short ball rising across him.
1 run, another swervy delivery outside off, the batsman opens his season with a neat drive to deep cover.
1 run, offcutter on leg stump, and the batsman comfortably flicks it to short fine leg. Calls early for the single.
no run, on a length, driven nicely on the up, but straight to extra cover.
1 run, length ball on off stump, swings across the line and gets an inside edge into the fine leg region.
FOUR runs, past extra cover's dive and then beats Rashid's at deep cover, to his right. Williamson the first barrier - doesn't dive because of his wonky shoulder. But a stunning shot from the batsman in the first place: on his toes and regally punched on the rise outside off.
SIX runs, pumps it over the long-off boundary! Wow. Incredible how sweetly he hits these despite what appears a short reach. This is lobbed up like an offbreak, wide outside off. He gets low on the front foot, reaches out and absolutely crunches this from that base.
FOUR runs, on-ace short ball, and the batsman is ready with his front leg out of the way. He sends a rocket pull into the deep midwicket fence.
1 run, length ball around off, stays back and works it towards midwicket.
SIX runs, cheeky! Good length on middle, but the batsman went running to the off side, and ramps it over the keeper's head. It goes all the way!.
no run, good length on leg stump, flicked to midwicket.
FOUR runs, sweeps this time, too full on off and he strikes it sweetly to the deep midwicket fence. Didn't even go with a full flourish, but found a good blend of power and timing.
no run, length ball, jags back into him, and he plays it off the back foot.
SIX runs, oh this is mayhem. Doesn't matter who you are. If you are bowling in the last four, you have no rights. Slower ball, short of a length, outside leg, picked up over square leg for another six.
1 run, on a length, angling in, worked to leg.
FOUR runs, back of a length, just outside off, and cut behind square past the fielder at point! Allowing the batsman to free his arms, and he doesn't disappoint.
1 run, reverse paddles this quicker one past short third man, deft touch from Dhawan.
no run, quick short ball. Too good for the batsman. No room. He has to defend this back to the bowler. Just the six runs off the over despite conceding a six off the first ball. The asking rate nearing two a ball already.
no run, good length on off stump, and too close to Mavi for the cut. Almost takes the bat's edge but eventually safe through to the keeper.
no run, short of a length, into the surface, 139ks, the batsman early into trying to work this to leg. Hit on the thigh pad.
no run, another outswinger from the bowler, but this one's not quite as extravagant and it's negotiated easily enough by the batsman.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked into the square leg region.
1 run, bouncer, into his body, mis-hit past the bowler for one.
OUT, low full toss, into the body, less room to swing his arms through it, and he holes out to wide long-on. If Pant gets fit, this might be the last we see of the batsman this IPL.
no run, 136 kph, a fullish delivery on middle and leg, defended into the leg side. Don't see too many quick singles in this stand.
no run, beaten first ball outside off, he tried to defend the length ball but it turned again and missed the bat and off stump, both.
FOUR runs, waits on the back foot this time and he cuts it late, short third man puts in a dive to his right but the ball goes under him. Not a great effort.
2 runs, full on middle and leg, and the batsman clips it off his toes to the sweeper fielder on the leg side.
1 run, the batsman tries to slog from outside off and ends up dragging it down to long-on off the inside of the bat.
1 run, googly at a length outside off, driven to extra cover's right.
1 run, wide legbreak, the batsman reaches out for the ball and carves it to backward point.
1 run, slider, full and in at leg stump. Leans in and flicks to deep midiwicket.
1 run, another wrong'un, on a length, outside leg, turning towards middle, pushed to long-on for one.
no run, on a length, no room, played back to him.
FOUR runs, misfield at short fine. Gopal not sharp enough to field low to his left. Short at the hips, stands tall and nudges it. Through from under him.
1 run, length on the pads, tucked away to deep squareleg for one.
OUT, The turbanator strikes! Full on middle stump, and his attempted inside out cover drive doesn't come off! Tried to play for the spin, but this one was the one that goes straight through. Crashes into middle stump.
2 runs, short of a length and just outside off, looks for the aerial pull but gets it off the high part of the bat. Clears midwicket.
no run, good length on off stump, the batsman eases forward to defend.
1 run, good length around middle, flicked between midwicket and square leg.
1 run, length, flatter at middle stump. Steps out and pushes to long-on.
1 run, leading edge but eludes the infield, on the bounce to long off. Parthiv looked to stretch out and work this leg side but was deceived by the googly.
1 wide, forces him to leave that. A wide yorker outside off, he was shaping for the ramp and withdrew late, probably thought that would have been called wide .oh and it was. Looked okay to me given how much the batsman shuffled.
1 run, length outside off, steered wide of slip for one.
1 run, flicks the back of a length ball on middle away to deep square leg.
1 run, full slower ball at middle stump, drilled down to long-on off the front foot.
1 run, full on leg stump, and that's been clipped off his toes to cow corner. Gets KW on strike.
no run, right into the blockhole, squeezed back.
OUT, taken at midwicket! Full and into leg stump with the angle. the batsman gets the front leg forward, and flicks aerially, straight into that fielder's lap. It was there to picked off for runs and the batsman can't believe it.
no run, good comeback, almost yorker length on middle and off and the batsman drives it back to the bowler.
1 run, good length outside off, pushed into the off side with soft hands.
1 run, OUT, length ball angling into off stump, clipped away to the left of deep midwicket, and is that a run-out at the bowler's end? They risk a second run against Ben Cutting's rocket arm, and even though it isn't a direct hit, the throw is so flat and accurate, straight into the bowler's hands near the stumps, that Parag is at least six inches short.
1 run, a slower ball outside off, the batsman opens the bat face and guides the ball to backward point for a run.
no run, slants a length ball across Dhawan, who defends to the off side.
no run, good length, angled into off, 148kph, he defends from the crease.
no run, drills this to mid-off, Rohit wanted the single but was sent back.
1 run, full toss, but very wide outside off. the batsman mistimes the cut to sweeper cover for a solitary run.
1 run, yorker, 145ks, middle and off, dug out for a single to extra cover.
1 run, length on the pads, pushed to long-on.
no run, leg break, that beats an attempted heave down the pitch. the batsman didn't read it.
1 run, length ball on middle, pushed to midwicket.
1 wide, too far down leg and it's a wide.
no run, good length on middle stump, and the batsman makes room to slap it over point. It goes over his bat.
no run, gets a thick outside edge, straight to Krunal at short third man.
no run, short of a length, good bounce, defended to cover.
FOUR runs, pushed though outside off, the batsman ventures outside leg and opens up the off side. He drives it inside-out over extra cover. Excellent execution.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off. Punched to long-off on the back foot.
no run, short of a length, on off, the batsman is on his toes to defend with an open face.
1 bye, what's happened there? the batsman played inside the line to one on leg and spinning away, it flicked something and rolled off Karthik's pad even as he was appealing. Beautiful ball but no dismissal there. Didn't hit the batsman's pad.
FOUR runs, what timing. A low full toss and Moeen this time drills a drive through cover to move to fifty. His maiden IPL fifty, first-pumps from Kohli too.
FOUR runs, and now the other side of deep square! Slower short ball on middle stump. Easily picked and slammed to the long leg boundary.
1 run, down the wicket to take this on the full and take a single to bring up his own fifty.
nan
1 run, length ball on middle stump. Dabbed through square leg off the back foot.
1 run, slower ball, good length and just outside off. Jumps into the line again but has to adjust. Dropped into the off side with hands.
SIX runs, just over the boundary! Full, on off, and Rohit gets down on one knee to have a swing at it. Mistimes the slow-sweep, but still has enough power behind that shot to clear the boundary line.
1 run, short of a length, into the body, worked away into the leg side.
1 run, blocks to cover point and jogs across to the other end.
1 run, quicker ball, and flat on leg stump. Clipped off his pads to fine leg.
no run, a googly, the batsman comes forward and flicks it towards short midwicket, a diving stop there prevents the single.
1 run, flapped into the leg side, just the one.
1 run, length on middle, cuts back in again and strikes the batsman on the thigh pad as he is pretty late on it.
no run, Sharma moves around in the crease, but Warrier sticks with his area and hits the inside edge of his bat.
no run, length outside off, defended to point on the front foot.
1 run, good length on leg stump, thick inside edge to deep square as he swishes at this 150.5kph ball.
1 run, fuller, on leg, and he gets down on one knee and sweeps this towards long leg.
1 run, in the block hole yet again, what accuracy. De Kock bunts it a bit wide of point and takes off, Raina has a shy at the stumps and misses while AB makes it.
1 run, a late dab brings a single to third man.
no run, well bowled. the batsman opens up the front leg, but he goes with a quick yorker outside off. Ends up being a low full toss but is out of the batsman's reach.
1 run, good length and just outside off, jabbed to extra cover's left with soft hands. Pollard misfields that and they sneak a run.
1 run, back of a length on middle, and Moeen tries to pull again. Bat's face closes, and the shot goes towards short fine leg.
1 run, good length and sliding into the corridor. Opens the face and steers it towards short third man.
OUT, spliced to mid on! Khaleel's change-up to around the stumps to Rohit has borne quick dividends. Rohit stepped back and set himself to pull in the air, but the ball just rushed on to him and ballooned off the splice to present Nabi with the simplest of chances at mid on.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, goes back and punches it towards long-on.
1 run, flighted around off, drilled to long-off. Just too close to him to get any elevation.
1 run, good length and wide outside off, reaches out and laces that along the ground to sweeper.
no run, drilled but stopped by Rashid's boots! Overpitched on off, and Hardik struck this hard.
no run, full and front-of-the hand outside off. the batsman steps into the off side and is beaten on the sweep.
no run, plays back and pushes from outside off to midwicket.
1 run, pushed through on off, 103.8ks, tip and run to the covers.
SIX runs, caressed onto the roof. A short ball at leg stump, swivels to open up that area for himself and gently sends this hook onto the main road via the roof.
no run, good length at off stump, defended off the back foot.
no run, appeal for lbw, may have been struck a tad too high as it curved in from middle. Possibly saved by an inside edge too. Dhoni wasn't too convinced, Shardul went up immediately. In the end, they don't bother going for a review.  Replays suggest no inside edge, ball would've hit leg .
1 run, a slower ball outside off, guided to deep point for one. Just one. the batsman wants two.
SIX runs, carts him over deep midwicket! He does stick with the loopy stuff. But Kishan has figured that out now. Kohli asking the bowler why he isn't making him into the off side. Good length at off, gets low and slogs it. Just about clears the fielder.
OUT, bowled'im. Oh the bowler. That piece of magic upsets all calculations and plans. What a piece of bloody magic. Yorker at 149ks to peg the off stumps back. And that is not all. It seems the batsman has the line covered, but it seems it shapes away late to beat his outside edge and then hit the wicket. Oh man, what a bowler the bowler is.
2 runs, good length on off, but this is the legspinner. the batsman shuffles across to the off side and flicks it to square leg.
FOUR runs, high full toss, and I think Chahar might have done them a favour by dropping this at deep square leg. Had he caught it, we would have checked it for a no-ball, and I suspect it is too high. Anyway, the batsman has flicked it square, Chahar has to run to his left from deep square, and his dive is not good enough to catch it.
1 run, offcutter, back of a length on middle stump. Punched to long-on.
1 run, tossed up on off, the batsman drills it to long-off.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to deep cover for one.
1 run, hit hard, in the air, towards long-off, but it falls short of the man.
SIX runs, one-handed whack, sails over deep midwicket! At the moment, he can even bat blindfolded and hit them for sixes, by the looks of it. Slower, too full and he got underneath that to muscle that away. Magnificent, unbelievable.
(no ball), slower one goes wrong it's slipped out of his hands and gone over the batsman's head, so it's a no-ball. Free hit coming up.
1 run, good length on off stump. the batsman goes deep into his crease and punches it down the ground. Straight to long on.
SIX runs, more elegant this time, pitched up and the batsman stays still to drive that nicely down the ground with a big swing. Pressure on bowler now.
no run, looks to back away and loft, can only get the bottom of the bat, rolls back to the bowler.
no run, looks to tonk it over deep midwicket, was tossed up around off, gets beaten as it spins away.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, chips it towards long-on, Pollard is alert there and keeps it to one.
nan
1 run, a full toss on the pads, whips it towards deep square leg.
1 run, nicely bowled again. Full and moving back in, pushed to mid-on with the angle. Calls for, and makes the single, easily.
no run, good length at off stump, defended off the back foot.
no run, short of a length, the batsman has no plans of getting behind the line, and the bowler follows him. Beats him.
FOUR runs, too short on off, and he pulls it off his hips to deep square leg. didn't time it perfectly, but placed it well.
1 run, short, a bit of width, but there's a man at deep point to stop the batsman's cut.
no run, short of length outside off, punches it towards covers.
1 run, shortish, angling down leg, pulled round to deep backward square leg.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, slight more power in this dab so they will get just the one.
FOUR runs, way too short from Curran. And this one is wide too. It's also a slower ball. He waits on it and punches aerially to the extra cover boundary.
1 run, short and skiddy at middle stump. Hurried pull to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, gently tucked away. Good length ball slanted into the pads, just waited on that and used the pace to get it wide of mid-on.
1 run, good length and sliding on at leg stump. Nudged to short fine off the inside edge.
1 run, drives on the up and gets an outside edge away to third man.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched to short extra off the front foot.
1 run, length ball outside off, half a stride across as he clips this into midwicket.
2 runs, floated up, room for the batsman to ram a drive on the half-volley, well stopped on the boundary by the diving Gehardus Viljoen.
FOUR runs, dropped short at middle, pulled firmly to deep square's right and Deepak Chahar completely misses that. Covered the ground and got down at it, but was in a hurry to throw it back. Through his legs.
no run, slower ball to start off with, the batsman crunches this hard but straight to extra cover.
no run, back of a length outside off, looks to open his bat face and guide it to third man but doesn't get it to slide off his bat with too much pace. Backward point moves to his left and stops it.
no run, good length on the stumps, blocked back.
OUT, bowled him with an absolute beauty! Wow! Sensational! Googly lobbed right up, just outside off. the batsman looked completely out of sorts, playing for the turn and looking to drive on the off side. Huge, huge gap between bat and pad and middle stump takes a tonk. What a delivery. And what a player he is for RCB, keeping them in it again and again and again.
SIX runs, the batsman is on fire here. Picks the length early to rock back and pull this shortish delivery over wide long-on for six more.
(no ball) 1 run, length on leg stump, flicked on the rise to deep square leg. And he's overstepped.
OUT, chops on! Parthiv loves pace on the ball and here there is none. And he discovers that as he backs away and shapes to cut. He's into the shot too early. The googly then deflects off the inside edge and clatters into his sticks.
no run, panics and goes for a reverse sweep, even those last-ditch measures don't work. the bowler reads the batsman perfectly, bowls on middle and leg, not allowing the batsman the room he needs to work the ball.
no run, wide on the crease, inswinger this time, headed towards top of off. Defended off the front foot.
SIX runs, too short this time as he looks to go defensive, and the batsman is in great touch tonight. Pulled over midwicket for another big six.
FOUR runs, incredible power. The high grip and the late unfurling of the wrists and he hits this shortish ball over midwicket and wide of long-on.
FOUR runs, strays down the leg side, the batsman wants to send it fine on the leg side for four, and he does so successfully.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length, hit hard, on the bounce to deep cover.
OUT, caught at deep midwicket! The set man goes! Good length but not in the slot, the batsman tries to launch this over midwicket, he hits it flat and straight down Kohli's throat and he takes the catch easily. Big moment that.
1 run, quicker one, almost a yorker, the batsman pushes it past the diving bowler to his right and down to long-off to retain strike.
no run, good length on middle stump, pushed to midwicket from the crease.
FOUR runs, in the block hole but de the batsman lofts it back over the fielder and even beats long off for a four. What a shot!.
no run, length ball outside off, driven to extra-cover.
1 run, good length outside off, slower than normal pace, stroked through cover.
OUT, that might be the game. Slower short wide ball legcutter. If the batsman doesn't play it, this will be called. But he goes after it, and gets thick outside edge that lobs to the right of short third man where Kishan takes a superb diving catch.
SIX runs, width and the batsman tees off like a golfer. Swung away wide of long-on. Another meaty blow.
no run, full, middle and off, defended to cover.
1 run, length, and he hits this hard back down the ground. Beats Patel, but there's protection in the shape of long off.
nan
no run, goes down for a slog sweep to one pitched on middle and spinning into him and misses. Rashid goes up for an appeal, but that is surely missing leg. He had given himself room and wanted to slog-sweep from leg stump. Oh wait, they have gone for a review. This is a bad move, I suspect. And it pitched outside leg too. KKR had a terrible review when they bowled, now SRH have returned the favour.
no run, just short of the bowler? Did it carry? Full outside off, driven back to the bowler. the bowler dives low in front, the ball goes through.
1 run, short of a length at leg stump, flicked out to deep midwicket.
1 run, on a length, outside off, knocked into the off side for one.
FOUR runs, seam-up, full ball on middle, the batsman jumps across off and tickles it away fine of deep fine leg for four.
no run, full outside off, and driven off the front foot. Hit well, but finds the man at cover again.
no run, full on off stump, and the batsman comes charging down the wicket. Tries to drive, but checks his shot in the end. Tapped towards the bowler.
SIX runs, moves across and smashes a length ball over long leg for SIX!.
FOUR runs, short outside off, and the batsman's pulled this with some disdain! Over the infield, and no one's there at the cow-corner boundary.
1 run, good length and just outside off, pushed into the point region with soft hands.
no run, on a length, outside off, played with an open face to cover.
2 runs, full slower ball outside off, lofted to long-on's right. Warner slides as he stops this on the half-volley to his right. What an athlete, whew.
no run, length on off, waits for it before pushing it to cover.
no run, seam movement this time to hit him on the pad but the batsman has got himself outside the line.
no run, again that full length, but now he goes a bit wider outside off. the batsman looks to launch it back over the bowler's head, or over mid-off, and he misses. The ball ended up a touch too far out of his reach.
1 run, goes full and straight - like really full and straight - but the batsman is able to dink it to mid-off.
no run, full outside off, driven to mid-off.
FOUR runs, full outside off, caressed through the covers, the call was for two but the timing was so good that it raced across the turf, beating the diving deep extra cover fielder to his right and into the fence.
no run, length ball on leg, and turning into the batsman. Flicked off his hips to square leg.
no run, googly outside off, the batsman picks it late and steers it to point.
no run, short of a length, sliding into the corridor. Chopped to backward point.
1 run, touch too full, on the pads, worked to deep square.
1 wide, length ball sliding past the pad on the leg side.
no run, length outside off, looks to drive through the off side, gets it to mid-on off the inside half.
no run, on a length, around off, 148ks, defended to cover.
1 run, short of a length, wide outside off, pulled down to long-on for one.
1 wide, tries another full ball on the pads, but the batsman walks across and it will be called a wide. No margin for error on the on-side.
SIX runs, launched over extra cover! Goes with the angle this time and nails the connection. Good length and angled away from the corridor, front leg out, reaches out, slapped on the rise.
1 run, slower bouncer, the batsman pulls it gently to deep square leg.
OUT, oh hello. It was a death wish all right but on Hardik's behalf. Rolls his fingers on a length ball outside off, the batsman swings hard for a six down the ground, but it takes the outside edge through to Carey. It is possible the batsman played for the offcutter but this one didn't quite grip.
FOUR runs, uses his width to reach it and then slash this to beat backward point. Picked the bones out of that.
no run, back of a length on middle, and angling away from the batsman. My, my, he shoulders his arms in a T20.
2 runs, it's another offcutter, just too predictable. the batsman drills that shot straight, over the umpire's head. Stokes runs around from long-on, running to his left.
no run, good length outside off turning into him, patted towards mid-on.
1 run, down to long off this time, just the one.
no run, bouncer right up at the batsman's throat, which takes some effort. the batsman leaps off the turf and drops this into te pitch.
1 wide, goes for the wide yorker, but bowls too wide. Called.
2 runs, short and wide outside off, carved away through backward point for a couple. Superb batting.
1 run, good length and into the pads, flicked to fine leg's right.
OUT, the batsman has been strangled down the leg side. He throws his head back in despair. the bowler sets off on a celebratory sprint. the bowler now hits a back of a length and angles it down the leg side.the batsman looks to pull but can only tickle it behind for a straightforward catch. Gloved to Dhoni. What an unfortunate way to go. Big scalp for CSK.
1 run, too full, on-driven to long-on.
1 run, short of a length, straight, tucked away off a length.
no run, length ball that pins him on the pad, wears it on the pad after getting tucked up for room. Heading down leg.
no run, on a length, sliding in with the arm. Defended back to him.
FOUR runs, dabbed away late to the third man boundary. Played so very late, excellent control. the batsman's on top of his game here.
1 run, short and up at the hips, pulled away to deep midwicket.
1 run, full just outside off, and driven straight. Russell was lurking at mid on, so they had to run quick. Comfortably completed in the end.
SIX runs, connects. The night is long for Mr. the bowler. Length outside off, reaches out and slugs it over the wide long-on boundary.
1 wide, googly, which Mayank tries to cut, then bails out of the shot, looking up to see the umpire call it wide outside off.
1 run, slower ball at a length on leg stump, tapped into the midwicket region off the back foot.
1 run, short and just outside off, sliced to third man.
1 run, dropped! the bowler throws this wide, and the batsman takes the bait, looking to go inside out. He gets height, but not quite the distance, and it went to Siraj, who had to run to his right. Might have overrun the ball actually, as he got his fingertips, but failed to hold on.
FOUR runs, short, and he goes back and cuts this beyond point. Placed well to the right of short third man. Uses the pace of the ball from Patel effectively.
OUT, good length, a bit of width, the batsman opens up and slaps but slices it in the air and Sanju Samson moves to his right and snaffles it at deep point.
no run, drifts one in on a length from wide of the crease, defended back.
FOUR runs, what a shot moves across his stumps and knew that short fine leg was up, so he paddle-scooped it over the man and into the fence.
no run, on a length, just outside off, defended with an open face.
no run, wide of the crease, bouncer on middle, fizzes past the helmet as the batsman is late onto a hook.
1 run, good length outside off, and DK chops it down to the man at third man for a walking single. He'll keep strike.
OUT, taken at backward point! Short of a length outside off, the batsman wants to pull over midwicket off the front foot, but that's onto him too fast. Comes off the leading edge and Gill takes a few steps to his left and hangs on. A wicket after five matches for the bowler.
no run, past the outside edge. Playing on his mind with the movement in and away. This one goes on with the angle. Tentative poke from the batsman on the front foot and he's too late on it.
1 run, too full on the stumps, worked to long on.
no run, looking for another big hit but can't connect, hit away with bad timing to midwicket.
1 run, length ball on off stump, and the batsman makes some room. Attempts to lift it over cover, but slices this over the infield instead.
no run, fuller and wider outside off, steered but straight towards backward point.
1 run, short and sliding into the hips, flicked in the air. Bravo flings to his right, gets a hand to it, but can't cling onto the chance.
1 run, whips this full toss from outside off towards deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, flat slog sweep this time, and he has beaten deep midwicket too. So the spinners hurting CSK second game in a row.
SIX runs, short of a length, angled across and giving him a world of room, the batsman stays back and shovels it straight over long-off.
1 wide, back of a length, slid across too much and goes away outside off.
1 run, length ball outside off, opens the face and runs it to third man.
2 runs, picked off the hips to deep midwicket. the batsman and Yusuf scamper across for the second. The throw is to the keeper's end and the batsman dishes out a desperate full-length dive and just makes it. The dive saves the batsman.
1 run, yorker again, middle and leg, dug out to long-on for one.
1 run, tossed up on off stump, clipped to long-on.
FOUR runs, what a strange ssequence stopped on him a bit, he was very late on that, ends up flat batting it straight back. Popped in the air and over the bowler's head, didn't look it was timed well enough to have legs on it, but ends up beating a diving effort by long-off.
FOUR runs, nearly took the bowler's head with that blow! Floats this full on middle and the batsman's ready with this ammunition. Absolutely belts this flat and straight, the bowler just about managed to get out of the way.
FOUR runs, between backward point and short third man! the bowler had him struggling with his last over but the batsman has completely turned the tables now. Seems to have lost his strategy. This one is a full toss, just outside off. He's deep in the crease to slice it.
1 run, that's an awful over. A 122 kph slower ball, but it's wide outside off. He can bowl that now because there is a sweeper cover in place.
OUT, full outside off, and forces the batsman to reach at it. Tries to smack it over the bowler's head, but off the bat's toe end. In the air for ages, and easily taken by long off.
1 run, short outside off, cuts it away, Rohit dives to his right to make a partial stop.
1 run, short of a length outside off, driven uppishly to sweeper cover off the back foot.
1 run, Slower ball strays on the pads and the batsman turns him to deep square leg.
no run, full and just outside off, driven straight to extra cover.
1 run, full toss again, hit to long-on for one.
OUT, swept straight to deep midwicket this 'attack attack' policy is good in theory, but Royals haven't executed it well enough. This was full enough to slog-sweep, and the batsman connected well too, but hit it straight down the throat of the fielder.
2 runs, short of a length at off stump, turned to deep square's right off the back foot.
1 run, goes deep in his crease to pull this and times it well, but deep midwicket is there and collects on the bounce.
no run, high full toss, but wide outside off. Suryakumar can slap this anywhere he wants, but drills it straight to cover. Was above the waist, mind you, but called a dot.
1 wide, short and down leg side, can't get bat on it.
2 runs, slower ball, really full, hit hard, straight of long-off. Gets a couple.
OUT, bowled'im. This is what happens when you leave yourself too much to do. Suddenly 74 off 58 doesn't look like a great effort after all. Full toss outside off, the batsman looks for the boundary into the leg side, and gets a big inside edge onto his wicket.
1 run, full toss on middle stump and he manages only a feeble push out to deep midwicket.
OUT, the bowler gets his man. the batsman comes down the track to this tossed up delivery, but fails to middle it, Hardik takes an easy catch at long-on.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off, and slapped behind point to Anukul in the deep.
1 run, back of a length on middle, and extra bounce this time! Mistimes a leg-side whip to the man at midwicket.
1 run, length on the pads, clipped to deep midwicket, warner nearly turned blind for a second, Williamson sent him back, the throw came right on top of the stumps and Keemo the bowler whipped the bails off at the non striker's end but the batsman was back well in time.
no run, full on off stump, and Yusuf brings out the front-foot defense.
no run, short of length outside off, cuts it hard towards sweeper cover, only a single available there and the batsman denies it.
no run, quick, on a length, headed for off, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, loopy and full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
1 run, rocks back and punches the quick and flat delivery on off stump through cover.
1 run, squeezes the drive to mid off for a quick single.
1 run, short ball at middle stump, swivels and plays a short-arm pull to deep square.
1 run, full and pushed wide across him, reaches out and just manages to get bat on it. Along the floor to sweeper cover.
no run, back of a length, 139ks, on the pads, hits him high on the pad.
1 run, length-ball legbreak, punched off the back foot to deep cover.
2 runs, sticks with the slower ball, this time a length ball just outside off. Faf gets inside the line of the ball, works it off his pads to the leg side, and takes off for a couple more.
no run, the batsman drives, but again he can't find a gap at cover.
FOUR runs, picks the gap between cover and mid-off and it's with that sublime shot that he gets to his fifty. Sublime because the bowler angles the shortish delivery well down leg, responding to the batsman making room for himself. But the batsman, once again, holds his shape and simply extends his back foot defensive while concentrating on picking the gap.
FOUR runs, too short and he gets punished! So the single has now resulted in a boundary that brings up the batsman's sixth half-century this season. Too short, he stays his ground and flat-bats this into the gap at deep midwicket.
1 run, good length and slanted in at middle. Punched to long-on.
SIX runs, a juicy full toss on the stumps this time and the batsman doesn't miss out, pulls it over deep midwicket for a 73-metre six.
1 run, fuller, slower, on the pads, worked to leg for one.
1 run, good length outside off, and KW opens his bat's face to run it down to short third man.
FOUR runs, too wide, chopped backward of the diving point and clean to the rope!.
nan
no run, short, rising ball that nips in off the track to cramp the batsman as he shapes to cut. Ends up inside-edging into his body.
1 run, full and into off stump, driven down to long-on.
FOUR runs, back of a length and slanting away outside off, no swing, the new ball comes on. the batsman leans back and punches it crisply through the covers. Yes, he will go hard at the new ball.
1 run, short of a length and in at leg stump, gets on the back foot and clips this through square leg.
OUT, Mavi keeps his cool at deep midwicket, and takes this with a reverse cup right at the edge. the batsman hits the pull nicely, to be fair. But the elevation is missing and it's a smart catch.
SIX runs, nataraja pull! Good length on middle, and he's quick to swivel, get his front leg up, and then muscled over square leg.
1 run, length ball around off, stays back and dabs it towards point for one.
SIX runs, maximum use of the free hit! Full on leg stump, and the batsman gets his front leg out of the way before depositing it over the long-on boundary. Raw power.
nan
1 run, another superb yorker that tailed in late towards middle, squeezed to sweeper cover.
2 runs, low full toss outside off, looks for another heave into the leg side, it's mistimed and bounces out towards long-off.
1 run, good length at leg stump, pushed through vacant midwicket.
1 run, on a length, outside leg, pushed wide of short midwicket for one.
1 run, yorker, middle and leg, dug out for one.
1 run, pushed straight down the ground for a run.
3 runs, Has Dhoni missed a run-out chance? He leaps, collects the throw from Harbhajan, has enough time to deflect it onto the stumps. Instead, he tries a slam dunk and lets off Goswami. This was full and straying into the pads, picked off through square leg. They take on Harbhajan, Dhoni, and get away. Had Dhoni nailed it, Goswami would have been out.
1 run, arm ball, ducks in on middle, stabbed to midwicket off the inside half.
2 runs, length outside off, skids on a little, cut away to deep point and a direct him from the deep at the non striker's end allows two.
FOUR runs, slower length ball this time, on middle and leg, takes the front leg out and clears the mid-on with ease, four more to the batsman.
no run, bouncer first up and the batsman is late on the pull, as it flies past him. Nicely done by the bowler.
FOUR runs, whack! Good use of the crease from the batsman. Walks into the off side, get the bowler to go short. The line would have been at his chest if he'd stayed where he was but he'd quickly jumped into the leg side and cut this over point. Lovely.
no run, fuller on the stumps, comes forward and drives back, the bowler stops it with a dive to his right.
1 run, on a length, around off, punched to deep cover. That is his deep fielder. Shouldn't be bouncing him as he did last ball.
no run, past the outside edge. Short of a length ball into the pitch at a middle stump line. He looks to play the flick as this shapes away and squares him up completely.
1 run, short of a length, around off, pushed wide of cover for one.
OUT, top-edged sweep, down to short fine leg. It's always risky sweeping a wristspinner for this very reason. The googly ALWAYS produces extra bounce because there are more revolutions on the ball. So you'd rather go from bottom to top while sweeping. But the batsman tries to keep this down, takes a thick leading edge straight to the fielder. Also, he had to drag the shot from well outside off.
1 run, back of a length on leg, worked to deep square leg. This is the batsman's fourth fifty-plus scores in five IPL 2018 games. Out comes the baby-rocking celebration.
no run, bounces past off stump! Rashid rips a googly in and Hardik is caught on the move as he looks to make room for a punch through cover. He can't do it. Under-edges int the turf and just survives.
1 run, length ball into leg stump, punched to long-on off the front foot.
1 bye, slower offcutter, the batsman is beaten as he swings at it, and they steal the bye. Saha's throw bounces over the wicket.
2 runs, short of a length and wide outside off again, 137.5kph. Swipes it behind the deep square fielder off the inside half.
1 run, yorker on leg stump, jammed out to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, misfield this time. A short and wide slower ball, cut away towards short third man. Thampi runs to his right but falls over the ball.
1 run, attempts to cut it late, but he can only steer it to short third man. the batsman's halfway down the wicket, so the fielder has a shy at the stumps. He misses, and now that allows CSK to take the run after all. Bhuvi the guilty man, and the bowler's not pleased one bit.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched to deep cover.
FOUR runs, and now he is too short, and the batsman plays a late cut to beat a slow-motion dive from Watson at short third man.
OUT, plumb lbw first ball. Wickets have been few and far between for the bowler, but he has struck immediately here. Full ball, the seam is not perfectly upright, but it pitches outside off and jags back in to beat the batsman's defensive prod. Dead in front.
1 run, back of a length, on the fourth-stump line. Punched off the back foot to long on.
FOUR runs, length ball, just outside off, and Parthiv tries to check-pull along the ground. But the delivery takes some extra bounce, and Parthiv has managed to top-edge this over short fine leg.
SIX runs, tossed up and spinning away outside off, Axar goes low, meets the ball, and launches it over the bowler's head for six.
2 runs, full and wide outside off this time. Steps into the off side and looks to slog this. Off the thick inside edge to deep square's right. Comes back for the second, puts in a slide, and survives the run-out call.
1 run, full and tossed up wide outside off. Mistimed drive out to sweeper as he reaches out.
no run, length and down leg side. Sweeps viciously at this. It skids off the face and finds short fine who is really fine.
1 run, drifting in, he tries to get again, gets a thick inside edge that runs to deep square leg.
1 run, tucks this gently into the leg side as they scamper a run.
FOUR runs, full on middle, and the batsman backs away exposing all three stumps. Muscles a drive over cover thereafter, and that's a couple of bounces into the wide long-off fence.
1 wide, flung much too far outside off, and he'll have to bowl it again.
1 run, full toss on leg stump, laboured drive to long-on.
2 runs, length on middle, swings to the leg side, it goes high in the air but falls in no man's land in the deep midwicket region.
1 run, short ball, pulled to midwicket where a fumble by Morgan allows them the single.
SIX runs, lofted with the angle over square leg. Three yorkers missed, and this is one better from Mogan's perspective, because it's angled right into his pads. Waits on it and swishes from under that.
no run, ooh, that had him caught in two minds. Drifts on leg and spins sharply across, kept out at the last moment.
1 run, smart bowling. Sees him step out, tries to slide this wide, and Moeen gets the toe end to save himself from a stumping.
no run, beautifully bowled. Pinpoint yorker that the batsman can only jab down to keep it from going onto the stumps.
FOUR runs, pushed through on off stump, the batsman goes low, and reverse-paddles it away fine of short third man.
OUT, once again skips down but hasn't got it right, more height on distance this time and du Plessis takes an easy catch at long-off.
FOUR runs, slower ball, short of a length, well outside leg, and Dhawan loves this line, helping this along past short fine leg with a delayed pull.
SIX runs, bang first ball after being dropped, he gets a full one on the toes, clears his front leg and slams it over deep midwicket.
no run, good length and holding in the pitch as he looks to punch this to long-off. Axar cuts it off.
1 bye, tries the reverse hit, and there is a sound as the ball passes his bat. Rahul can't catch it, but you can't expect the keeper to take catches when someone is attempting a full-blooded reverse.
no run, overpitched on off stump, and all the batsman can do is squeeze it away towards cover point.
1 run, really full on off, 138ks, driven down to mid-off hanging back for one.
1 run, the batsman forays down the track, takes a full-toss and clips to wide long-on.
no run, good length on off stump. Big step forward from the batsman, and defended back to the bowler.
2 runs, slower ball on the pads, nicely clipped away to deep squareleg's left for a couple.
2 runs, low full toss wide outside off, chopped to sweeper's right.
1 run, thick outside edge to third man. the batsman was looking to pick this good length ball off the pitch. He was back for the one that comes in.
1 run, length and sliding onto the pads. Anxiously jabbed through square leg on the front foot.
SIX runs, short, and he has got a hold of this. Just lofts this, stand-and-deliver, over long on. Proper slog for these death overs!.
no run, slower one, banged half way into the surface, left alone by the batsman.
2 runs, down the track, doesn't quite reach the pitch of this off-stump ball, swipes across the line and drags it along the floor through midwicket.
1 run, on a length, on off, turns away and sits up, punched uppishly down to long-off for one.
no run, full delivery outside off, a badly-timed drive to mid-off. the batsman under pressure.
no run, slider down leg, the batsman tries to whip and it goes between his leg so it's not a wide!.
no run, quick! Half-tracker on off, and zipping straight across the batsman. Tries to cut, but misses. 115 kph.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven down to long-on.
2 runs, mis-hits the slog off the free hit, gets just the couple to deep midwicket.
1 run, length ball on middle, driven down to long-off.
1 leg bye, goes for a wild slog but misses as it deflects into the leg side off the  pad  box! the bowler hit the hard length and angled this in to cramp him for room.
1 run, bends his back again to bowl a lifter outside off, Vijay gets on top of the bounce and dabs behind point for a quick single.
no run, slower offcutter outside off, quite short. Skids through a little low and sneaks under the attempted pull.
FOUR runs, poor ball, full down leg and all the batsman has to do is get a little bat on it. He was going for a big slog-sweep, but ends up sending it very fine, still gets a boundary.
1 run, full, wide outside off, and lifted over cover point. Protection in the deep though.
1 run, length, jags into him, and he jams his bat down to play it towards point. Enough time to pick up a single.
1 run, strays on the pads, worked away to deep square leg for a single.
1 run, one more yorker. Gets the front leg out of the way and whips firmly to mid-off.
no run, length on leg stump, clipped to square leg's right with the turn.
FOUR runs, cleverly placed fine leg was in the circle and this one was tailing in too. He manages to get enough on it to place it beyond the fielder in the circle and to the fine leg boundary.
no run, a slower delivery outside off. the batsman tries to lift the ball over cover but plays weirdly inside the line. the batsman now 4 off 7.
1 run, slower ball, good length and at off stump. Punched to extra cover's left. Smith collects one-handed, throws at the non-striker's end and the man backing up fumbles it.
1 run, shortish, a bit of late inswing to cramp the batsman and he pulls along the ground to deep square leg.
no run, good length and slanted in at middle stump. Tentative nudge into the leg side.
SIX runs, a superb landing 50 metres behind the keeper. the batsman didn't want it to go there. Trying to tickle a short ball from his hips only to get a top edge.
1 run, nearly a yorker, dug out for a single.
1 run, waist-high full toss on middle stump. the batsman uncomfortably whips it off his hips behind square. Looked like it was going for four, but backward square does well to keep it down to one.
1 run, the leading edge, just wide of cover. Lots of flight, the googly. the batsman looks to work the ball into the leg side but the leading edge just evades the diving fielder.
1 run, full on middle stump, flicked away against the angle to deep square leg.
1 run, good length at middle stump, nudged to mid-on's right off the back foot.
no run, beaten. Length ball pushed across the corridor. A lazy jab at it from the batsman and it skids past his outside edge.
FOUR runs, outside edge goes for four. Nice comeback by the bowler, but good adjustment by the batsman too. Flighted outside off and he was coming forward to  it, realises he's not to the pitch, and almost deliberately opens the face to run it down.
2 runs, skiddy length ball on middle and leg, whipped towards deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, in his hitting arc again, and Hardik picks this up from outside off, almost on half-volley and swings this once bounce into the midwicket fence.
no run, good stop. Full and wide, swinging away. Parthiv goes chasing and hits the ball nicely but finds short cover. Actually, that has just carried to Hooda, to his right. The ball bursts out. Dropped!.
no run, a shorter delivery outside off, slashed away to backward point. Trying to create some room.
1 run, back of a length on off, and he pulls it to midwicket, but he's slipped and fallen while hitting the shot. Luckily for him, doesn't hit the stumps, picks himself up and they take a single.
no run, not much feet movement, driven straight to cover.
no run, a slower ball with enough cut on the ball. the batsman wanted to work the ball to square leg, but the ball went past the inside edge. That's a weird stroke.
no run, looks to hoick this across the line, lost his shape, and so misses out as he mistimes this to the leg side.
1 wide, awry start. Good length outside leg and shaping further away.
1 leg bye, slower ball, good length and at middle stump. Looks for the slog, cops it in the mid-riff.
1 wide, length and angled in, the batsman tries to tickle it fine but can't get any bat.
no run, short of good length, angled across around the fifth-stump line, the batsman stands tall and punches to point who moves to his right and stops it.
no run, short of length ball that nips away from off stump, steered to Stokes at gully.
no run, good length outside off, but slightly slower. Mistimes his backfoot punch towards cover.
no run, length around off, comes forward and guides it towards short third man.
1 run, length on off, pushed to cover for a quick single.
FOUR runs, lofted to long-off's left. Full and just outside off, hangs leg side of it and nails the connection on this straight drive. On the bounce and into the boundary.
OUT, fuller and wider, Suryakumar slices it away and it carries all the way towards deep cover where Rashid makes no mistake. A good innings comes to an end, has helped Mumbai stay afloat.
no run, gets forward for a Test-match block.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. Slightly shorter than the last ball, slightly wider, and the batsman swings his arms through it. On the up, along the ground, through extra cover.
no run, rips past the outside edge. Googly, short of a length on leg and squaring him up as he gets onto the back foot to defend. A big appeal from the keeper. The sound might have been the ball brushing the top of the left pad.
1 run, slower short ball, can't time the pull, gets just the single.
2 runs, length outside off, gets forward and expertly nudges into the vacant midwicket region with soft hands.
1 run, on a length, no room, he runs it down to deep point for one.
1 run, another yorker on off, and dug away to mid off. They want the quick single though, and it could be dangerous! But the fielder misses the direct hit. Rahane the man at mid off.
2 runs, slower one at 119kph, short of length outside off, goes back and pulls it towards deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, blazed past extra cover. Overpitched and wide outside off, drives firmly along the turf to that fielder's right.
to Pant, 1 run, short, rib-high, pulled to deep square leg. Falls short of him.
1 run, length, and he drives this down the ground to long on.
1 run, length ball just outside off, pulls but it's too quick. Hits the high part of the bat and trickles out to mid-on.
no run, good length and into the stumps, tucked off the front foot to midwicket.
SIX runs, bottom hand for the win! Full, on his toes, and flicked square over cow corner! What a start to the over. Misses the yorker, and pays the price.
1 run, full and straight, whipped away to deep square leg.
1 run, flat and straight, nudged away to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, chops this to point for a quick single. Didn't have the room.
1 run, full,nearly a yorker, dug out to mid-off for one.
1 run, fuller, outside off, and he clips this away towards backward point, where Robin Uthappa was moved to after the first two balls of this over.
1 run, drifting in, full, runs off the inside half of the bat. Pant's reaction suggests the batsman has no idea about this.
no run, beaten first ball. On a length outside off, holds its line while Rohit plays for the inswing.
OUT, the bowler bowls ahead of Rabada, and in three balls he has got Curran out. Sharp short ball, at him, Curran pulls, gets a top edge to third man, where Nortje is back-pedalling, takes it head high, keeps an eye on the rope, releases the ball before stepping over, and then comes back to take the catch.
1 run, googly, back of a length at off stump. Punched to long-off off the back foot.
1 run, full, outside off, pushed slightly wide of cover, and Samson puts in a dive to make it.
no run, good length on off and forces the batsman to tiptoe. Defended with soft hands towards the leg side.
1 run, good length on off, and spinning away after pitching. Pulled down the ground to wide long on for a single.
2 runs, lovely shot. This is a decent inswinger, honing in on top of off. Du Plessis stays inside its line, and pushes with an open face, placing it wide of extra cover for two.
no run, slower length ball outside off, blocked solidly on the front foot.
1 run, stays back to this and late cuts it to short third man.
no run, short ball, back of a length on middle, and the ball takes some extra bounce off the deck! the batsman uncomfortably tries to defend, and the ball flies over his gloves and into de Kock's hands. Bowler appeals for caught-behind, and the umpire says out! the batsman reviews straightaway. Replays suggest that the batsman was right! No spike as the ball passes his glove. Looks like the decision has to be overturned, but before that the umpire wants to be sure he's got this right. Yep, not out! Umpire Gould changes his decision to 'one bouncer for the over'.
1 run, full on off stump, bunts it down to long-on.
1 run, length, flat and quick, and he punches it towards long on.
no run, just outside off stump, Curran swings hard at it and misses it.
no run, short of a length, 142ks, nips back in, hits him on the thigh pad.
1 run, strays down the pads, and he whips it away towards backward square leg.
1 run, full outside off, patted down to long-off.
1 run, swats a back of a length delivery outside off down to long-on.
1 run, length all on leg, turned away to midwicket.
no run, lovely start. Drifts one in from wide of the crease, the batsman gets forward and defends back.
SIX runs, slapped over point! First six of this innings. Short on off, and that's been cut very hard. Looked like third man could, perhaps, take a catch, but he eventually was also just a spectator. Fourteen runs off the last three balls.
no run, backs away and tries to cut a shortish one and loses shape as it spins away and bounces extra.
1 run, back of a length on the pads, whipped away to deep square off the back foot.
OUT, holes out to cow corner first ball! Tossed up on off, and the batsman is already to hit the big shot. Slogs this across the line, but off the bat's toe end. Straight down the fielder's throat. the bowler Pandya is on cloud nine.
no run, slower ball, angling into him from around the wicket, Dhawan was looking to drive, adjusts and pats it back.
1 run, looks like the wrong'un, just outside off, and he pushes this length ball to deep cover.
1 run, swept away in the air but well short of deep midwicket.
SIX runs, length outside off and that's an outrageously good shot over extra cover, just extends his arms through the ball and times it so well that it goes over the ropes.
no run, nice dipping legbreak outside off, draws him forward and takes the outside edge to short third man as he gets forward for the drive.
no run, the batsman backs away outside leg, banged in short on middle, the batsman slashes and does not connect.
1 run, quickish length ball on off stump, shows the full face to punch to long-on.
1 run, short at middle stump, pulled to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, a hint of width - only a hint - and Parthiv lashes it behind point with some gusto. The front-foot, on-the-up square drive in all its glory.
no run, length ball on middle and leg, waits for it to turn before defending it towards cover.
1 run, back of a length on middle, he's back and turning this neatly through square leg.
FOUR runs, terrific timing! A punchy drive at a full delivery, threads the gap through the covers no massive follow through this time.
1 run, eased with the spin to long off.
no run, full outside off, draws him forward and pushed to point.
SIX runs, just over deep midwicket. Full toss at middle stump, slogged off the inside half of the bat but there's enough for it to clear the line.
1 run, short and wide, cut to deep point again.
1 run, clobbered, but there is a long-on who takes it on one-bounce. Too full and he brings out the powerful drive again.
1 run, too full and drifting in, eased to long on.
no run, yorker on off stump, carved to point.
FOUR runs, back of a length on middle, the batsman moves away outside leg, creates swinging room and crashes it over point.
SIX runs, buh-bye! That is a filthy ball. Attempted slower one, dropped short and down leg side. Waits and waits and pumps it over the square leg boundary.
1 run, punches a length ball towards extra cover.
1 run, on a length, angling across, hit off the inside half of the bat to long-on for one.
1 run, short of a length and into the stumps. Stabbed into the covers.
1 wide, yorker is very wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, on a length, on the pads, helped around the corner for one.
1 run, a slower ball outside off, chopped to third man. That's the batsman's fourth fifty in five matches.
1 run, offcutter. Length on off stump and he punches uppishly to long-off.
2 runs, full on off stump and he makes room to drive this over extra-cover. Ingram jumps up, right arm outstretched, and gets a fingertip to the ball, so I guess that counts as a half-chance.
no run, short and wide slower ball outside off. Stabbed to backward point.
no run, stands in his crease to square drive it, but again no timing. Bounces to cover.
no run, length delivery well outside off, he leans forward and pushes it to point.
1 run, googly at a length outside off, punched to sweeper cover.
no run, back of a length, on off, and he steers this off the back foot to point. Wants the single, but Kohli says no.
1 run, back of a length, just outside off, and punched off the back foot to long on. They walk across for one.
1 run, short of a length, straight, punched to deep midwicket.
1 run, flighted full on middle, and he turns this off his pads to the fielder at square leg. They jog across for one.
FOUR runs, lovely bouncer at 146ks, gets it shoulder high, but the top edge goes fine of fine leg for four.
1 run, full. Angled in at leg stump. Backs away and taps it to mid-off.
SIX runs, the batsman just keeps clearing long-on. This is not a half-volley. Bishnoi has bowled a legbreak on length, but his reach means he can access it and go over long-on.
no run, flighted on off, driven back to the bowler.
2 runs, full on leg stump, heaves this out to deep midwicket's right and comes back for the second.
SIX runs, drops it short and doesn't bother to look! the bowler has been slapped to the edge of the Chinnaswamy's roof, and for effect, the batsman makes sure it bounces back into the ground from there so that the game can move on. Proper pull shot over deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length and cutting into his body as he drops this into the leg side with soft hands. Took a walk for the most part of that run and was forced to hurry as Neesham threw at the non-striker's end.
1 run, full outside off, can't get under it but manages to squirt it away to deep point for one.
1 run, full and lands just outside of. He's quick to get down on one knee, and sweeps it to deep bmidwicket.
1 run, run-out missed at the non-striker's end. the batsman hits a pristine punch on the rise, straight to mid-off and barely gets halfway as the fielder shapes to throw. He went for the direct hit with bowler backing up instead of at the stumps.
no run, wide of the crease, ripping yorker at leg stump, floors Hardik. He just about manages to dig it out.
no run, short and wide, he's cutting to short third man.
no run, short ball at a middle stump line. Backs away and hoicks at it. Can't connect.
1 run, slower length ball outside off, flat-batted through extra-cover, no timing at all.
1 run, low full toss at middle again, slugged out to deep midwicket.
no run, backs away to go over cover but Kishan slips in a yorker, squeezed back.
1 run, Dhawan down the wicket, hits this straight, mid-off is up, but the bowler gets his foot in the way. Saves three runs.
SIX runs, he's hitting them on demand. the batsman has picked this full delivery outside off over long-off. Just made a bit of room and laced this over.
no run, on a length, on off, punched to short straight midwicket.
1 run, fuller, clipped to mid-on from the back foot.
no run, was backing away to give himself room to have a thrash at it, but Ishant follows him with one that is nipping back in. the batsman ends up pushing it towards silly mid-on and thinks about a single, but is sent back.
no run, short of a length, into the hip, and hits the hip. Another dot.
1 run, good length on middle, but takes some extra bounce! the batsman manages to paddle this fine down the leg side, but looked rather uncomfortable.
no run, slower and fuller outside off, the batsman looked to biff this over midwicket but swung through early and missed.
OUT, it has worked! Slides a slower ball, tossed up invitingly, across him, and Moeen takes the bait and goes for another big hit, but gets the top edge. It's Prasidh Krishna who grabs on, and Kolkata get a big break. What a knock from Moeen the batsman, though!.
1 run, shortish outside off, punched away to long-on for a run.
2 runs, slogged from outside off to deep square leg. the batsman chances a second. Rahul takes it on the half-volley and whips the bails off. the batsman dishes out a full-length dive and makes his ground. The desperate dive saves him.
no run, on a length, angling across, driven to cover.
no run, reaches out to squeeze this full delivery to backward point. Saw Rohit backing away and bowled this wide. Nice from Umesh.
FOUR runs, length outside off, too much width and the batsman pounces on it, punching it between point and cover-point for another boundary.
no run, good length, just outside off. Spinning away from the batsman, and he fends it away towards point.
1 run, full ball, and he makes room but can only get this down towards long off.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched down to long-on for one. Fifty for Dhawan.
no run, tossed up on off stump, drives straight to extra cover.
1 run, full, drifts into the pads, clipped through backward square leg.
no run, slower length ball, fourth in a row, comes forward and taps it towards cover-point.
1 run, doesn't connect with the pull, and midwicket collects it on the bounce. So the batsman finishes on 97, but he's played a magnificent hand. This was a length ball - the bowler finally abandoned trying for the yorker - and a slower one on leg stump.
1 run, full googly outside off, shuffles and sweeps to deep midwicket's right.
no run, short and angling in at the top of off, 146ks, fended back to the bowler.
no run, beaten comprehensively. Bashing a short length, and Faf charges at him and is beaten by the bouncer. The mid-off is up, which brings about this shot. And that length.
no run, full toss outside off and he mistimes a drive, straight to mid-off.
1 run, short and wide outside off, mistimed cut into the covers.
1 run, full on leg, slightly quicker. Nudged to square leg for a single.
no run, length outside off, punched to extra cover off the back foot.
1 run, really slow offbreak, placed between midwicket and square leg.
FOUR runs, short ball on middle and pulled this time, hit hard and placed equally well, between deep squareleg and deep midwicket.
no run, fired in, on a length, into the pads, worked to midwicket.
1 run, full and into middle stump, punched to long-on with the angle.
2 runs, down the wicket, the bowler nails another yorker, and concedes just the couple as this mis-hit goes wide of long-on.
1 run, uff, sweet. But only a run. Length outside off and he gets the hands so nicely through the line with this drive.
2 runs, just evades Iyer running back from mid-off. Good length and just outside off, looks to loft it over him. He can't get a hand on it after running back, looking over his shoulder. It bounces into his body as he tumbles.
1 run, too short and angling down, Dhawan swivels back and helps the pull on the bounce to fine leg.
SIX runs, the batsman gets into the act now. Shreyas is under pressure and he bowls one too full, perfectly in the batsman's arc, and he slog-sweeps powerfully to send it soaring over the boundary. Huge over for KKR.
no run, he attempts to step outside off and scoop fine but the bowler follows with a slower ball and he's taken on the body.
1 run, eased with the spin again, down to long-off.
OUT, sliced to point! the bowler has broken through for Mumbai. It was a full ball that did it, the length drawing the batsman into a drive. But it was a slower cutter, he was too early into the shot, and he couldn't keep it down, slicing the ball in the air towards point, where Evin Lewis leaped athletically to pluck the catch cleanly out of the air.
1 run, length on middle, stands tall and pushes it to long-on.
2 runs, full and just outside off, gets down on one knee and scoops this fine. Short third man cleans up to his left.
to Gaikwad, 2 runs, short of a length outside off, waits on that and cuts to sweeper's left to bring up his second consecutive fifty.
no run, good length outside off, blocked on the front foot.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked to deep backward square's left.
FOUR runs, that's some pristine placement. Short of a length outside off, the batsman waits and punches really late with an open bat face to beat backward point diving to his left.
1 run, length outisde off, punched on the rise to sweeper.
1 run, full and straight on off, drilled down to long-on.
1 leg bye, slower ball, comes into him, and he tries to flick this. Comes into him and hits his pads.
no run, good length on off stump, defended off the back foot.
1 run, looks for the pick-up shot off a length on the pads, but is beaten. The ball goes hardly anywhere off the pad, but Sharma calls him through for a single.
SIX runs, runs down the pitch and boom! Picked it on the half-volley and clobbered it over long-on. Super hit.
1 run, shortish, close to off stump, clears his front leg and clubs this down to long-on. Takes the single this time.
no run, punches straight to point, pressure building.
2 runs, on a length, middle and leg, worked into the leg side.
5 runs, overpitched outside off, and that's been drilled to McCullum at mid off. Could be a run out, but it's not a direct hit! Oh dear, no one's backing up either. Chahal and Siraj try hard to stop the ball near the boundary, but it's a futile attempt by both men. Free runs for Mumbai to end the Powerplay.
1 run, short outside off, cut to third man's left.
no run, back of a length, complete lack of pace messes up the batsman' timing as he feels for it and misses.
FOUR runs, lovely little cut. Just inches short of a length, and he is quick to rock back and cut this hard so as to give deep cover no chance to cut this off.
no run, good length and just outside off, patted straight to extra cover.
SIX runs, over long off Full on off, and the batsman comes shimmying down the ground before lifting it over Nabi. Checks his shot, but still enough to clear the boundary.
1 run, slow outside off, pushed to long-on for one.
1 run, good length and sliding on at middle stump. Punched down to long-on.
1 run, pitched up on middle and leg, driven to long-on.
1 run, good length and cramping him at a middle stump line. Hurriedly nudged to mid-on off the back foot.
FOUR runs, punched past cover. Length ball in at leg stump. He goes a long way down leg side to make room and taps this on the rise to get it between cover and extra.
no run, off-stump yorker, slanting in, jabbed back to the bowler.
1 run, full and outside off, Suryakumar reaches out for the ball and carves it over backward point.
1 run, short of a length outside off, chops it to point's left.
to Saha, 1 leg bye, full and into the pads again, cops that on the pad as he looks to flick. Inside edge on it, it appears.
1 run, good length outside off, and it's the wrong'un to end the over. Comes into Suryakumar's body, and punches it down the ground to long on.
OUT, taken at mid-off. the batsman has been going hard in the Powerplay and he wanted to continue that, but he mis-timed this horribly. Got it off the end of the bat, and instead of lofting it over extra cover, the ball looped to mid-off, where Shreyas Iyer backpedalled and caught it comfortably.
2 runs, too full and Rohit leans into his push to beat mid-off. Rabada there tumbled but couldn't stop it.
1 run, short, angling across Parthiv who goes back and forces it towards long-off.
no run, full, swinging away, times it nicely, but straight to cover.
1 run, slower ball again, but this time shorter and straighter, the batsman bottom-edges the pull for one.
OUT, some DK brilliance there to convert that into a wicket. Magnificent back-handed flick onto the stumps off his right hand. Smart bowling from the bowler too. Saw the batsman step out, so he shortened his length and fired this in, the batsman looks to turn this to the leg side but ends up getting little bat on it. Karthik moves swiftly to his left, picks the ball up and flicks it back. I suspect the batsman took it easy and was done in by DK's speed. Stunning work.
no run, short of a length on middle stump, punched off the back foot, straight to mid-on.
2 runs, too straight again. A slower one on the pads and the batsman works the ball through backward square leg for a couple.
FOUR runs, crunching cover drive. Length outside off, the batsman walks into the stroke and bisects cover and mid-off. All class and quality.
no run, hops across and defends this short of length delivery.
no run, short of a length, middle and off, punched with an open face to cover-point.
1 run, flat on the pads, nudged to square leg for a run. At least a single off every ball, very well played by these two.
1 run, length ball angling into middle stump, nudges it gently into the vacant midwicket region, and forces the bowler to chase.
no run, nicely bowled, tossed up, still quick, at 95ks. Defended with an open face.
1 run, full on middle stump, flicked to mid-on.
1 run, flat length ball, punched to deep midwicket.
1 run, fullish, sliding in, tucked to short fine leg.
no run, sharp bouncer, at him, and the batsman sways out of the way.
2 runs, low full toss, into the pads, hit wide of long-on for two.
no run, uses his feet to come forward, Harpreet pushes it a bit wide, and he punches this towards short cover.
OUT, the bowler has his revenge! the batsman looks to go big again, the length is a touch shorter so he doesn't quite get the same elevation. Dhruv Shorey the substitute fielder runs in, this is flat mind you, and he has to be mindful of this whacking his face at that pace. But no worries, he still manages to dive fully forward to complete a super catch. The crowd goes quiet.
1 run, goes full looking for swing, but angles it down leg for a single to long leg.
no run, full, outside off, pushed to short straight cover.
no run, back of a length on off stump, punched to mid-off.
no run, the batsman tries the sweep to a length ball, but is early into it. Pitched outside leg, though.
FOUR runs, length on leg stump, comes on nice and slow. He gets low and paddles it fine as it turns.
1 run, flatter googly, punched down to long-off now for one.
OUT, it's worked! the bowler lobs one up for Rohit and gets him to try and drive through cover. No feet whatsoever. It pitches and spins away, a hint of climb, and he's nowhere near the pitch of this. Easy one for Dhawan at slip.
2 byes, they've stolen two byes off a slower bouncer! the batsman ducked under it and it went straight to Pant. He still decided to take off for a single. Pant relays to the bowler, who misses the stumps while under-arming and they take a second.
no run, the batsman 0 off 8 balls now. Tuk tuk the batsman. Full and outside off, no shot again from the batsman.
1 run, on a length, wicket to wicket, driven down to long-on for one.
no run, short and wide outside off. Steps out and swats at it but can't make connection.
SIX runs, launched over wide long on! Good length and he picked it up and smeared it over wide long on with power! Superb strike.
1 run, ooh, flatter, and he misreads the length. Goes back, playing the trajectory and looking to pull from around off stump. Skids on and hurries him into a short-arm jab to long-on.
1 run, another slower one at 120kmh on the off stump, Dhawan defends with soft hands and takes off quickly.
FOUR runs, similar areas from both batsman and bowler. But it's an inside edge on the attemped cover drive that gives Jonny the runs at fine leg this time.
1 run, googly, on a length and turning away, he pushes it to short cover and they take a quick single. Fifty for Dhawan. Perfectly paced knock for this sort of chase.
no run, yorker outside off, Dhawan caught on leg stump, gets a bottom edge. Nearly played on.
1 run, low full toss pushed wide outside off. Scythed out to deep extra cover.
no run, slapped to Mandeep on the bounce to point.
no run, full ball pushed wide outside off. Reaches out with no feet movement, tries to poke into the off side. It's back dow the pitch off the toe-end.
OUT, old wounds opened up for the batsman. Remember the Tests in Sri Lanka when he lost his stumps shouldering arms? It's happened again. A length ball that nips in sharply from outside off. Error in judgement costs the batsman.
SIX runs, the batsman providing this innings the final twist? Gets under a short-of-a-length ball, and effortlessly swings it over wide long-on for six. Excellent timing.
1 run, looking to attack again, gives himself room but Raj follows him and the batsman is only able to slap it away past the bowler.
1 run, length on middle, the batsman goes back and tucks it away to deep squareleg.
no run, good length outside off, chopped to point.
1 run, googly, full and at off stump. Leans in and drives to deep extra cover.
FOUR runs, length outside off, too much width and the batsman punches it off the backfoot, through point for four.
no run, full, outside off, pushed to short cover.
1 run, touch short, the batsman goes back into the crease and punches this to long on.
2 runs, short and up at middle stump, pulled off the front foot to deep square's left.
1 run, short and in at middle stump, punched to long-on.
1 run, driven firmly to deep cover.
no run, good length on leg stump, flicked to midwicket.
no run, given! the bowler hits the pad of the batsman and it seemed pretty plumb. But the batsman has no hesitation in going for the review. Could he have got an inside edge? This may be too high. the bowler gets this to skid in off a length and the batsman has indeed got an inside edge on the flick. And it seems as though the ball may have gone over as well.
no run, spins away from the right-hander and he slices it to the left of backward point.
no run, length ball, angled across, stays rooted to the crease as he swings and misses.
no run, the bowler pulls his length back just a shade, the batsman pressing to cover.
1 run, first runs off the thick outside edge. the batsman hangs the bat inside the line at this length ball and gets a run at third man.
SIX runs, chipped over the long-off boundary. Good length and just outside off, half a stride and he's behind the line of it.Offers the full face and simply lifts it on the rise.
1 run, drilled down to long-off for one. CSK have had their best over in a while, but it has only stayed abreast with the asking rate. the bowler is done for the night.
no run, wide yorker this time. No run as the dig-out goes nowhere.
FOUR runs, skips down and delightfully lofts this straight at the sightscreen! Superb stroke!. Beautiful footwork and he just eased it through the line. It just half-volleyed into the foam triangle. Inches from a six.
FOUR runs, pierces the covers. Expertly done. Short and climbing up at his body. He backs a long way into the leg side and punches this between cover and point off the back foot.
no run, wide outside off, and the batsman makes room to cut. But can't find the gap as point pounces onto it in a flash.
1 run, keeps a touch low, he rocks back and pulls to deep square leg.
1 run, legbreak, Axar goes back to work this behind square on the leg side for one.
no run, short of a length, no room, played to point.
1 wide, and another bouncer, this time at 144ks, and he has been wided for height this time.
SIX runs, top edge and very fine. Short and slanting across towards his left shoulder. Slow on the hook this time but the ball sails safely over.
2 runs, full and wide outside off, the batsman collapses his back knee and drives it through the covers.
no run, short of length outside off, stands tall and punches it towards covers, straight to the fielder this time.
2 runs, turned away against the spin to midwicket and they take on the fielder in the deep for a quick second.
1 wide, tossed wide outside off and breaks away further, off-side wide.
1 run, drags a length ball from way outside off to deep midwicket because he premeditates a sweep shot.
FOUR runs, overpitched and outside off, Dhawan meets the pitch and laces the ball through the covers.
2 runs, full outside off, and he slices this drive over cover. In the air for a while, but lands safe. Russell at sweeper cover cleans up.
1 run, short of a length, straight, punched down to long-on.
no run, short of a length, angling in, giving him no room. Hit back to the bowler. Good over so far.
1 run, clipped with the angle to deep midwicket as the batsman gets off the mark.
1 run, the bowler bowls a teasing legbreak, but just too full, and is driven to extra cover.
FOUR runs, full, on the pads, clipped away square on the leg side.
FOUR runs, now he stays still and goes along the ground through midwicket. Short of a length ball at off stump, a short-arm pull past mid-on. Not timed too well, but it's a small ground.
1 run, Southee pulls off a stunner at deep square leg! This was pulled flat, but the ball was dying on Southee. He could've so easily looked to save the boundary, but he dived low and pulled it off inches from the ground.  Soft signal is out.  Understandable this time that the third umpire wants to look at multiple replays.  Oh, wait. Has he pressed the wrong button?  Not out flashes the big screen. Southee's face was in the firing line too, if he got a bad bounce, that could've so easily smashed into his face.  Oh, dear. Third umpire says not out.  He's overturned the decision. Kohli is shocked, Southee is shocked, shakes his head in disbelief.  Michael Clarke on air goes: I can't believe that!  The third umpire in question is  C Shamsuddin .
1 run, short of a length, around off, steered down to third man.
OUT, slower ball now, and Nagarkoti mis-times this to mid-off for a catch. At least that bring Cummins to the strike.
2 runs, bouncer in the fourth-stump channel, and the batsman brings that bottom hand into play again, plays a tennis-style swat into the gap to the left of deep midwicket.
2 runs, length on leg stump, around the wicket. the batsman on the back foot to clip this to deep midwicket's left.
FOUR runs, finally intent from the batsman. He knows Axar bowls fast, and he gets inside the line to lap-sweep this fine of fine leg.
2 runs, slower ball at a length outside off, stays leg side of it and chops to sweeper's right.
2 runs, angling in too far, clipped away towards deep midwicket for two.
no run, goes full and straight on the stumps, works this to mid-on.
2 runs, drifts down the leg side, and the batsman clips it off the pads to deep fine leg.
1 run, good length and into leg stump, pings off the thick inside edge to short fine as he has a prod at it.
1 run, swept but only to the fielder at deep midwicket. Full on off, and Suryakumar goes across the line to try and meet the ball.
no run, well bowled! Full at middle and off, gets a leading edge towards point as the batsman plays across the line.
1 run, worked into the leg side, beating midwicket inside the circle for a single.
SIX runs, pulled with disdain! Shorter from the bowler, but he doesn't possess the pace to trouble a top-order batsman. Swivels, and pulls with the angle over fine leg.
SIX runs, he's clobbered this length ball against the turn and smacks the camerman at long-on. Held his shape, could've gone over cover but picked his spot superbly.
1 run, full on off stump, driven to long-off.
1 run, dipping offbreak, slow, worked to leg for one.
1 run, slower one on middle, the batsman clears his front leg to go through the leg side, but only manages to push it along the ground to long-on.
1 run, shuffles across, gets too close to this shortish ball outside off. Punches it square, past point, for one.
2 runs, taps it behind square leg and pinches a couple as well. Good work from the batsman. Plays with soft hands and had a partner who was willing to put in a little extra effort. Karnataka boys going well.
1 wide, bouncer, he ducks under it, but too high.
no run, nicely done. Tossed up at off stump, finds the leading edge as he looks to flick against the turn into the midwicket region.
1 wide, tossed up, outside off, and he lets this pass. Called wide as it goes past the tramlines.
1 leg bye, full, angling into leg stump, clipped to the right of square leg.
2 runs, back of a length, slower ball on off, 135ks, dragged to wide long-on for two.
1 run, length ball, angles into Rohit, who plays it with the turn towards midwicket.
no run, full at middle stump, pushed back to the bowler off the front foot.
1 run, full ball at off stump, steps out and meets it on the full. Drives to Stokes' left at long-off.
SIX runs, pumped over the midwicket boundary! He's sent that into the top tier. It's dropped short outside off and he's nicely set with swinging room for the lofted pull. And once again, it is an absolutely delicious connection off the middle of the bat.
FOUR runs, clattered over cover! Wide outside off, but the batsman's long arms manage to reach the ball. Slaps a sliced shot over the infield for four.
1 run, full on middle, and the batsman drives it to the cover region.
OUT, top edge on the slog sweep, and Buttler is under it. You can start walking. This is a length ball, pretty straight, and hasn't turned. Still the batsman doesn't get all of the slog sweep, and deep midwicket does the rest.
no run, full and at leg stump, leans in and flicks to midwicket.
1 wide, sides one out of the front of the hand. Too wide outside off.
FOUR runs, that's a bit sloppy from Bumrah at fine leg. strays on the pads and he flicks it away. Bumrah is running around from fine leg, but puts in a clumsy half-dive and lets the ball go through.
no run, full and wide outside off, the batsman leans into a drive and finds cover. Hat-trick averted.
no run, cutter, good length on off, he defends on the front foot.
SIX runs, another monstrous hit! Right in the slot, this time he fetches this from well outside off and swings this over the ropes at long on.
FOUR runs, somehow he gets four. It's full and wide outside off, the batsman wanted to hit that through cover but the ball took a very thick inside edge and went straight, for four, through mid-off.
2 runs, full on the pads, waits for it this time and times it nicely through midwicket for a couple.
to Agarwal, 1 run, on a length, headed to top of off, pushed in front of point for one.
no run, googly at a length outside off, blocked on the front foot.
1 run, pulls this slower length ball down to long on.
2 runs, flights it up around middle and leg, and Parthiv gets down on one knee and sweeps uppishly towards deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, it's the wrong'un from outside off and the batsman picks it well, it's short too, to loft it over the covers with some power and punch. In the gap for four.
FOUR runs, outside half and it's past short third. That's a length ball, outside off. the batsman gets the front leg away and looks to blaze that through the off side. The bat face is open and it slides off it. Point was back, third man was in.
1 run, full and straight. the batsman gets his legs out of the way and jams it to mid-on. Siraj fires a low-arm throw and the ball rolls through to the keeper who is backing up.
SIX runs, full toss way outside off, and Yusuf leans into this loosener. Bends his knee, and pumps it over the bowler's head. Straight into the sightscreen.
no run, excited appeal from Murugan as Dhawan chops down on a leg break  Was it pad first? No thought of an appeal.
1 run, chipped back over his head. Unconvincing shot again.
no run, short of a length, this one skids through. the batsman defends in front of the stumps.
FOUR runs, inside edge this time. Nutmegs himself and it whistles past short fine. He went for the yorker, it turned into a full toss. the batsman had shuffles once more and was whipping towards the leg side.
no run, similar ball, angling across with the length pulled back a tad. Rohit lets it go through.
no run, and he starts with a ripper! Full on off, pretty quick, fizzed off the surface, beat the batsman on the front foot and Dhoni whipped the bails off. Third-umpire was called but the batsman hadn't moved his back foot.
no run, over the wicket comes Khaleel, and this time his line is spot on for the right-hander, Rohit pushing watchfully to point.
no run, short of a length outside off, stabs at it and is beaten.
1 run, lobbed up slow and full at middle stump, attempted slog is off the inside half, down to long-on.
2 runs, good length at middle stump, allows it on and clips past midwicket.
no run, another slider, short of that slogging length. Left alone outside off.
no run, looks to get on top of the bounce and work to the leg side but this climbs on him, rolls off the top part to the bowler.
FOUR runs, gets into position to scoop again, the bowler bowls length outside off, so the batsman gets down on one knee and ramps him cleverly over short third man. Stunning!.
1 run, flat and wide outside off, wanted to slog sweep but had to improvise a dab to point.
no run, fuller, and outside off, and he plays this towards point.
no run, back of a length outside off stump, past the outside edge as the batsman goes hard at the back-foot punch.
no run, almost a yorker on middle, that he tries to play the straight drive to. The shot ricochets onto his boot and then goes to the bowler's hands. the bowler's asking for the catch! They're going upstairs, but the ball actually hit the ground before hitting the batsman's boots. False alarm.
no run, back of a length on middle, stabbed to mid-on.
1 run, fuller now, on leg stump, driven to long-on.
1 run, length on the pads, the batsman misses the flick, is struck on the thigh pad and they scamper one.
1 leg bye, a slower ball down leg, the batsman misses a flick. Off the pad to square leg.
1 run, full outside off, and that's been caressed towards McClenaghan at sweeper cover.
1 run, slower in the air, outside off, punched to long-off for one.
2 runs, full outside off, plonks the front leg across, whips it to deep midwicket's left.
1 run, dabs this gently into the off side for a quick single.
no run, double-wicket maiden to start off with when defending 200. Hardly gets better. Short of a length, pushed to pint, and Kishan has hurt himself trying to deny them the single they are not even serious about.
FOUR runs, full toss on the pads. Go pick it up from the boundary.  the batsman doesn't have to move. Deep midwicket is powerless to his right.
1 run, fuller around off, comes forward and pushes it past the bowler for one more.
no run, chopped down to point, and the batsman wants a single but he's sent back. And rightfully so, as Stoinis swoops and has a shy.
2 runs, full on middle, and nudged off his pads to deep midwicket. Enough time to take the second because of Santner's misfield.
no run, googly outside off, left alone.
1 run, back of a length outside off, he stays still in his crease and steers it to third man.
1 run, legcutter, pushed wide of point for one.
no run, full and angling in on middle, poked back to the bowler off a leading edge.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, on off, punched down to long-off for one.
1 run, full and onto the pads, flicked to deep square's right.
no run, beaten outside off as he slashes on the up against an offcutter. It's on a length and lifting past the outside edge rapidly.
no run, full and just outside off, chops at it and is beaten.
1 run, misses the yorker, turns out to be a half-volley that is drilled to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, lovely power. Slower short ball, goes wide to deny him a clean connection, but the batsman throws all his might at it, and plays a lovely shot with the open face. over point it goes for six more.
OUT, another one bites the dust. Full, straight, Bishnoi makes room, gets a thick outside edge, Yadav takes a simple catch at point.
1 wide, the bowler loses his radar, and this one is called wide.
no run, rippah! Umesh hits the deck and makes the new ball jag away past the outside edge. the batsman is stuck in his crease, he's pushing at the ball nervously, he's easily beaten.
1 run, full again, but wide, and the batsman has to reach for it. Ends up chipping to deep cover for one.
FOUR runs, width, outside off, and he runs it past short third man and point. Graceful, and very intelligent from the batsman.
no run, top stuff from the bowler, diving to his right and saving a hard-hit drive down the ground.
2 runs, back of a length, sliding on towards middle stump. the batsman goes deep in his crease and tucks it away towards fine leg, to the right of the man on the boundary - picks up his third double in four balls.
2 runs, darts it into the batsman's pads, and he flicks towards deep backward square. Could've easily gone to the man at short leg too.
no run, good length and at off stump, blocked on the front foot.
1 run, short of a length, straight, pushed to long-on off the back foot.
no run, creamed but straight to cover! Nice half-volley, struck well but J Suchith is there.
1 run, tossed up, and he drives this towards cover.
1 bye, slower ball, offcutter wide outside off but inside the tramlines. He tries to muscle an inside-out drive over cover, but can't get bat on ball. De Kock fumbles too, and that allows the batsmen to pinch a run.
no run, Kohli dives to his left at short midwicket, but collects this on the half-volley. Or so it seemed originally. The umpires have gone upstairs, and their soft signal is out. It is not quite a half-volley, but the ball has touched the ground before Kohli completes the catch. That explains Kohli's unenthusiastic reaction. Not sure why the umpires went with a soft signal of out.
no run, that could be out caught behind. the batsman reviews. Short of a good length ball pinning him back. It went through to the keeper off the back leg. But there were two sounds. Was it bat or did the ball hit the front flap before hitting the thigh? Yes, UltraEdge confirms it was the front knee flap that made the sound. On lbw it is not out. Wickets missing. Good review from the batsman after being given out.
2 runs, mistimed slog in front of long-on. Another cutter, at a good length and he can't get the slog away. Sliced over the bowler.
1 run, late inswing into his toes, as the yorker is flicked to the backward square boundary.
1 run, short, 134ks, cramping him up, pulled down to deep square leg.
1 run, short and into the body. A muffled pull to long-on's right.
FOUR runs, starts on the pads, the batsman is strong on that side and he clips it away nicely to roll it along the ground past short fine leg.
no run, and that's a ball bowled at normal pace, length on off, goes through the batsman.
no run, shows him the ramp early, Mavi bowls the short ball, slower I think, at 126ks. De Kock continues with the ramp, but is beaten.
no run, wide yorker to follow the mean bouncer. the batsman is not ready for this one either.
1 run, sweeps that one from outside leg to deep fine leg right from the middle of the bat.
no run, good length on off stump, pushed down the pitch off the front foot.
FOUR runs, yorker at leg stump, stays tall and helps that fine off the low part of the bat.
no run, leaves alone outside off now. It is a little Test-like.
no run, short of a length, straight, pushed back to him.
no run, length ball, from around the wicket. Just outside off stump, and it's too close to the batsman's body for the cut. Through to Pant this time.
1 run, leading edge but trickles down to long off. Looked to clip this over midwicket.
1 run, tossed up on middle, and dug away to the vacant deep midwicket region. They walk across for a single.
1 run, length, into the body again, the batsman fends it awkwardly towards squareleg for one.
1 run, angled into him, and flicked away wide of long-on.
1 run, slower ball, and angling across the batsman. With all his might, the batsman tries to slog, but can only find the man at long on.
1 run, goes for a slog, has to fetch it from way outside off, gets a thick inside edge wide of the bowler as they scamper a single.
FOUR runs, full on the pads and Suryalumar goes through his favourite leg side again, flicks again, this time in front of square and for four.
no run, another short of length, down the leg side but Nabi was moving towards the leg side as well. So no wide there as it goes just over Nabi's left shoulder.
OUT, is that an opening? Surely has to be. The first ball after the break has fetched a wicket. Slower length ball angling away, the batsman slogs across the line, only to slice this to Shardul, who judges this to perfection at long off.
no run, full just outside off. Driven down the ground to mid off.
1 wide, very full and drifting down leg for a wide. Re-set the radar, Mr. the bowler.
SIX runs, pitched up and outside off, slower one at 107.5ks, the batsman manufactures his own pace. He shuffles across and smites this offcutter over midwicket for six.
1 run, runs the short of length ball down to third man nicely.
no run,  dropped by Saha!  Right off the toe end, tough chance. the batsman looked to cut but this kept a touch low.
1 run, full toss outside off, taps it to cover.
FOUR runs, raw power! Makes room, and blasts a length ball angled across him through covers. It was more brute force, but importantly found the gap between mid off and cover.
1 run, length, and he goes back and punches it towards deep midwicket.
no run, beaten outside off. Pitched up, wide, going with the angle. the batsman tries the big drive, and is nowhere near it.
no run, tries the slog weep this time, and is beaten wide outside off.
1 run, shapes this back in from length on off stump, punched down to midwicket.
1 run, slower one, length ball on the stumps, flicked away behind square.
FOUR runs, wider outside off, the batsman reaches a long way from his body, manages to send it wide of short third man for a much-needed boundary.
2 runs, fuller around off, comes down the track and looks to go leg side, gets a leading edge towards wide long-off, the fielder slips there and that allows them to come back for the second.
FOUR runs, short, he lines himself up to pull, executes it with precision. Into the deep backward square leg boundary.
no run, pushes at a quick length ball, gets an inside edge to short fine leg.
no run, short of a length, wide. Dhawan misses out. Finds the man at extra cover. Six feet either side, and this would be four.
no run, length ball on off, and angling in. Backs away, and punches to cover.
1 run, the batsman slogs this slower ball to deep forward square leg for one.
no run, back of length angling away, the batsman stands tall and punches this to cover.
1 run, down the track, but the bowler does really well, not only adjusting his length, but also sliding the ball into the batsman. The right-hander now has no choice but to nudge it to long-on.
FOUR runs, and he keeps beating those two men on the leg side. Another short-arm pull off a ball that is not short enough. Again bisects those two men on the leg side, and hits the rope on the half-volley.
no run, length on middle, clipped to midwicket.
1 run, full on off, and pushed down the ground to long on. Hands Jadeja the strike.
1 run, right into the blockhole on middle, squeezed to long on.
SIX runs, lovely! the batsman hasn't had too much of the strike but he's been very productive with it in this over. Skidder at a length outside off, with some swing in. Stays deep in the crease and gets his bottom hand under this to whip it over long-on.
no run, full toss on middle, swatted to long-on and Mumbai hung in there to clinch a thriller. Replays suggest that the last ball of the match should have been a no-ball, which would have meant a free-hit. That's a terrible miss from the umpire. RCB players aren't pleased.
no run, full on off stump. Drilled back to the bowler on the bounce.
1 run, on a length, on off, pushed to cover.
no run, really full and outside off, squeezed into the covers.
1 run, good length and sliding onto middle. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, full on middle and leg, this non-turner is whipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, back of a length, flat and spinning in, tucked to midwicket.
OUT, bowled'im. This plan of left-arm spin in the Powerplay has worked. He has given them nothing so far. the batsman looking to manufacture a late cut, but Pandya stays on a length and draws the bottom edge into the stumps.
FOUR runs, fuller, too much width, and the batsman gets on the front foot to loft this over the covers.
1 run, back of a length, wrong'un, turning towards off stump. Goes on the back foot to work it through forward square leg.
2 runs, good length and wide outside off, reaches out and steers this drive to sweeper's right.
no run, swipes across the line and shovels a length ball from outside off towards midwicket.
1 run, full, wide, and he reaches out and bunts this towards point. Jogs across for an easy single.
1 run, slower short ball outside off again, can't find power on the pull shot. Pollard swoops on it to his left at long-on and keeps them to one.
no run, movement away off the deck, from that in that in-between corridor. Good leave.
1 run, wrong'un, swept away to deep midwicket. Straight of him.
1 run, wrong'un, short of a length, punched to deep cover for one.
OUT, got him! the batsman chases again and isn't as lucky as before! the bowler, not a public favourite in Mumbai these days, has brought two wickets in his first over. Another length ball pushed across him and this time he's looking to drive away from the body. A thin edge and Kishan holds on.
1 run, works this from outside off towards midwicket.
SIX runs, that's a poor delivery. Right in the slot from DJ. A quick length delivery on middle and leg. A well-executed lofted heave over long-on. Full face of the bat.
2 runs, steered this behind point, Unadkat runs behind and slides to stop that but can't prevent the second.
no run, flatter on middle, and clipped off his pads to square leg. Two dots.
no run, sharp bouncer, rising steeply towards the batsman's head. He keeps his eye on it and ducks his head calmly under the ball.
no run, awesome bowling. Some nervous cheers from the crowd. Good length and straight, defended back. NINE DOTS.
1 run, short of a length again, he gets the width to throw his bat at it, but Jadeja makes a one-handed diving save at point.
no run, full slower ball outside off, drifts away from him in the corridor. Defended to point.
FOUR runs, back of a length and outside off, Suryakumar sizes it up and swats it away to the midwicket boundary with great authority.
1 run, flatter, quicker, punched to deep midwicket for one.
2 runs, outside off and steered to third man. A really wide throw helps them come back.
1 run, full on off, and he slices it this time. The ball goes to mid-off, allowing them to take the single.
1 wide, good length and wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, slower ball, full, hit hard to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, flat hit, just clears Bravo at mid-off. Too full, he got underneath the length and belted that.
no run, slower ball, full outside off. Goes for a wild heave over cover but deceived by the pace. Through to Dhoni on the bounce.
no run, full, dipping on him, defended to cover.
no run, beaten on the cut. Short of a length and sliding through rapidly as KW jumps into he leg side to make room for the cut.
FOUR runs, short and wide, extra bounce, some movement away, but when you throw the bat as hard as the batsman foes, the edge is likely to clear the field. over short third this goes.
FOUR runs, wide on the crease, the batsman shuffles wide too, Sharma bowls wide, the batsman drives to the left of Pandey at long-off, and misfields to add to his drop earlier in the innings.
2 runs, good length and just outside off, punched to long-off's left.
FOUR runs, a poor ball, short and down leg, the batsman helps it along to the fine leg boundary. Errant line, easy put-away.
1 run, full on middle stump and Mavi backs away. Carves it off the back foot to point on this occasion.
no run, wide length ball, pushed to cover.
1 run, OUT, looks for the slog, the bowler cramps him up, the batsman is asked to run a second as this is the fifth ball of the over. He is slow to turn around, slow to run the second, and is caught short. But the batsman has done his job here on a difficult pitch. And has been selfless in the end. Now over to Russell and Karthik.
1 run, flat and straight, nudged to short fine leg for one.
no run, short of a length ball in the corridor. Swipes from under it and can't connect.
1 run, good length just outside off, tapped into the covers.
1 run, in the batsman's half this time, pushed wide of mid-on for a single.
no run, another good bouncer, and he ducks under it.
FOUR runs, always a difficult catch. De Kock gets a massive top edge on the sweep, Varun runs back from short fine, but he has to catch it over his head running back, and they are always tricky. He gets there but can't hold on.
no run, wrong'un, from just outside leg, and takes the leading edge to point. Bounces short.
FOUR runs, looped up and spins away outside off, the batsman flays at it and sends a thick outside edge fine of short third man.
no run, full on middle and leg, pushed down the ground to mid-on.
nan
1 run, too short, he rocks back and pulls to deep square leg.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended down the pitch.
FOUR runs, flicked past short fine leg! Too straight from the bowler. It was full on leg stump and the batsman just glances this neatly past short fine. Lovely timing.
1 run, yorker, down the leg side, right on the money. Dug out for just one.
1 run, good length on middle stump, and that's been pulled square. Not him well enough though.
FOUR runs, no footwork again, but what great eyes and hands. Again on the shorter side, and a bit more width this time. Just stands there and punches it past the left hand of the diving extra-cover fielder.
1 run, good length on off stump, punched on the up to long-off.
OUT, the googly does him! Good length on off and simply coming into Mavi's body. He tries to cut thinking it'll spin away from him, but Amit the bowler's a wily ol' fox. Wicket maiden.
no run, length, and beats him on the outside edge as he stretches to defend.
no run, full ball, and he hammers this back to the bowler, who cannot quite stop it. the batsman comes down the wicket, but makes it back as Smith at mid off can't pick it up clean.
(no ball) 1 run, high full toss above the waist. Mistimed pull towards fine leg.
no run, looped up on middle and leg, the batsman pushing to cover.
FOUR runs, slower ball, down the leg side, and the fine leg is square. Dhawan lets it come to him, and he flicks it fine of that long leg for four. That is 400 runs for him this IPL.
no run, on a length, drifting in, defended back to him.
to Dhoni, 1 run, interesting. Dhoni plays a big shot so early into the innings. No feet, and he gets a think outside edge to a length ball. Single to third man.
1 run, googly, short at leg stump. Onto the back foot to tap into midwicket.
no run, quick legbreak, no turn, kept out by the batsman.
1 run, short of a length, rib-high, short-arm pull. Gets a single to long leg.
1 run, length outside off, tapped through cover.
no run, beaten on the late cut. Short ball is quickly past him in the corridor.
1 wide, another short one, the batsman looks to ramp it over the keeper and misses but it was too high for him to be able to reach and called wide.
1 run, belted over the bowler's head, down to long-on.
1 run, fired flat across him, and he flicks this towards midwicket.
FOUR runs, googly dug in short. It's spinning well past off stump but there's enough time. He gets on the back foot and bruteforces this to the midwicket fence.
1 wide, plays keep-away with the ball but it slides a little too far outside the off stump for him to win.
2 runs, backs away, the bowler follows him with a length ball, worked to leg for two.
1 run, darted on leg stump, nurdled through square leg.
1 run, just short of third man. Full and just outside off, looks to go inside-out over cover, ends up slicing it a bit too much.
1 run, now he has room and he slashes the short ball away to deep point.
no run, flighted, no turn, cramps him up, hit to short cover.
no run, length ball, angling in, defended to mid-on.
1 run, back of a length on the stumps, tucked to square leg off the back foot.
1 wide, short, well down the leg side, the batsman looks to pull it over short fine, but is beaten. Wide this time.
1 run, slower ball, middle and leg, clipped to deep midwicket for one.
no run, hitting the hard length. Back of a length down leg, hustles the batsman for pace. Hits him on the body as he misses a flick.
SIX runs, that's got some air miles on it! the batsman is turning the heat on. clears his front leg and lifts this full delivery from leg stump so high over midwicket it might need a visa. Way into the crowd.
1 run, low full toss, can't get under it, hit straight to long-off for one.
1 leg bye, full on leg stump, and the batsman misses the on-drive. Hits his back leg and dribbles away towards short fine leg.
no run, googly again, he's slicing this from the crease behind point but can't get a single.
1 run, gets up close and personal with another slower ball, this time on middle, and pulls to deep midwicket.
OUT,  back-to-back wrong'uns  and the batsman's gone. Picks the googly, but too close for the cut. This keeps a touch low as the batsman chops on! RCB in real trouble.
1 run, looks to scoop but the bowler bowls this full and wide outside off, squeezed wide of point.
OUT, has he dropped him? Doesn't matter, coz he runs him out anyway! KL Rahul makes amends immeidately, but Dhawan is caught napping here. It's a bouncer at his front shoulder. Looks like he gets a glove on that as he looks to hook. Rahul can't gather it high to his right. But it hasn't gone far from him. Dhawan has taken off down the pitch through it all though, with seemingly no call from Shaw at the other end. Rahul picks up, throws it in on the bounce as midwicket gathers at the striker's end and takes the bails off.
1 wide, length ball slanted down leg side. He can't get bat on that.
1 run, worked into the leg side.
1 run, offbreak, on a length, pushed to extra cover for one.
no run, walks across and pummels this short of a length delivery straight back at the bowler, who gets a hand and half-stops it. Recovers and gets to the ball quickly to make sure it's a dot.
no run, outswinger now, slightly full, around off, defended back to him.
2 runs, full on leg, and turning into the batsman's body. The attempted straight drive is sliced past cover. Iyer gives the ball a chase.
FOUR runs, chips it wide of mid-off. Full slower ball just outside off, nicely behind the line of that and a clean loft over his partner at the other end.
no run, flatter now, wrong'un spinning from leg to off. Big stretch forward to block.
no run, good length on off stump, blocked on the front foot.
FOUR runs, a nod of appreciation from Rohit. It's too full again and Suryakumar nails his drive right back, a lovely, languid drive past mid-off's right.
FOUR runs, four more! Back of a length outside off, Suryakumar improvises a late upper cut despite taking his eyes off the ball very early. Somehow he got his periscope of a bat up and ramped the ball over.
SIX runs, Hit flat and hard for a six! Back of a length and much wider outside off, the batsman extends his hands and scythes it up and over the covers. Dismissive. Shot of a man who's coming off a fastest fifty in the IPL.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked to deep square.
1 run, on a length, on off, pushed to mid-off.
1 run, doesn't carry to third man. the batsman swings across the line of a quick ball just short of a length, and the edge nearly carries all the way but falls well short.
no run, length and at the stumps, defended off the back foot.
no run, walks across outside off and tries to sweep but the ball sneaks past, just past the leg stump.
FOUR runs, full toss on the pads, attemped yorker and that's easy pickings for the batsman, who loves it in that area, whipped away nicely behind square for another boundary.
no run, full, fast, and wide outside off. Left alone by the batsman, and not a wide.
OUT, swings across the line to heave it over the leg side and gets hit on the pad. Umesh turns around and appeals and the umpire takes a long time to give it. the batsman asks for the review. A little too full for him to attempt that heave with a half-angled bat as the ball sneaks from underneath after keeping a little low. Seems to be be hitting the stumps, but he did take a big stride across which is what could save him. Nah, actually, it's umpire's call on impact.
1 run, another brave flighted delivery, asking the batsman if he wants to take on the big boundaries in Abu Dhabi. Just too full, and the batsman knows he can't get under this one. Takes the single to long-on.
no run, length, and he drives this back down towards the bowler, who sticks his hand out and stops this.
FOUR runs, finally something for him. the bowler misses the yorker by inches, and he lofts him back over his head. One bounce into the fence.
FOUR runs, good length on off, and Dhawan goes deep into his crease this time. Pulls it along the ground in front of square, and that shot eventually beats wide long on! Ends the over with a boundary.
1 wide, big wide down the leg side. the batsman will feel he has missed out.
no run, just outside off this time, pushed to cover.
1 run, good length at middle stump, clipped into the midwicket region.
1 wide, slower ball, but going down the leg side. The batsman did move towards the off side, but the bowler was just a bit too wide.
SIX runs, picks the googly beautifully! Full outside off, and slogs this with the spin over deep midwicket! Sixth IPL batsman to get to 4000 runs. What a way to reach the milestone.
no run, on a length, just outside off, Singh goes deep to punch this to short cover.
no run, a slower cutter again outside off, carved away to backward point.
1 run, gets forward and nudges the good length ball on leg stump towards midwicket.
no run, length, and he defends this bowled on his off stump.
FOUR runs, short of a length, wide, slower, and he rocks back to punch him over straight extra cover. This is brutal batting.
FOUR runs, a bit slower and wider outside off, and that's another superb shot. Stretches out and gets down low to sweep it, bat coming down from a high, wide backlift - just as you're coached while learning the sweep - and spanks it along the ground to the square leg boundary.
1 run, short ball into the body, he pulls to deep midwicket to raise fifty.
1 leg bye, on a length outside off, spins back in to beat the inside edge and hit the pad. The appeal for lbw is shot down. Ashwin calls for a review. the batsman stretches out but is pinned on the front pad below the knee-roll. Impact outside off? The tracker returns umpire's call on impact and the batsman survives.
1 run, slow legbreak, around off, and he uses soft hands to push this wide of cover.
FOUR runs, top edge flies away past Buttler on the right. the batsman sees another short ball that he likes, this time he goes for a pull, and still gets the runs he wants. Perhaps more considering that part of the ground is well protected.
1 wide, and he goes around the wicket to angle it in, but goes too far down leg. Pressure telling on the bowler.
no run, well bowled! This spins from outside off, bounces too as it climbs past the edge.
1 run, good length and just outside off, opens the face and runs it down to third man.
1 run, length ball, on the pads, tucked away for a single.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended to midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, short of a length, sliding into him, backs away and cuts to deep point.
FOUR runs, dude should have been out last ball, instead he gets a hip-high full toss as a free hit and launches it to the square leg boundary. This is the craziest Powerplay ever!.
1 run, drifts in a long way from wide of the crease, length quite full and the batsman bunts this down to long-on.
no run, bouncer outside off, looks to ramp it but that's too quick for him.
1 run, short and wide outside off, going away from him. Cut to sweeper cover.
2 runs, length ball on the pads, comes forward plays it gently towards midwicket, the fielder is at the boundary, four RCB fielders converging towards the ball but cannot stop the second run.
no run, short of a length just outside off, punched to cover off the back foot.
(no ball) 2 runs, full toss, too high, Hardik has a swing, gets a top edge high up in the air, which had three people converging, before being dropped by the keeper. That's also going to be a free hit.
1 run, full ball from around the wicket, knocked to deep midwicket.
2 runs, short of a length and flat outside off. Waits leg side of that as it slides straight on and dabs it to short third man's right.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, dabbed for one. Lovely first over from the bowler.
no run, defended from the crease.
no run, arm-ball, defended to short cover.
1 run, sweeps that one away with the turn to fine leg.
OUT, bowled round his legs but this is more his doing than the bowler's. This is a full, slider at leg stump and he's walked across into the off side to try and sweep it. He's missed by a long way and that slides into leg stump.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, looks to go over long-on but fails to middle it, the lack of timing perhaps saved him there, a single to long-on.
no run, well bowled. Back of a length, moves back in after pitching. the batsman, like you do in backyard cricket, intentionally avoids the ball by arching his body. But the ball goes over leg stump.
to Gaikwad, 1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to sweeper cover on the rise.
1 run, short on middle, pulled away to deep midwicket, all along the ground for one.
1 run, full on off, and whips it off his pads to deep midwicket. Gets off the mark first ball.
1 run, length ball on off, punched to long-off.
OUT, the bowler wins the battle! Carrom ball on off, but the ball skids into Dhawan. He looks to cut, but the ball is too close to his body. Delivery clips his pads before Dhawan can get bat on it, and the umpire raises his finger. Dhawan doesn't review, but one reckons that he should've. The carrom-ball's angle seemed to take it down the leg side.
FOUR runs, another chip shot, and it is nearly a six over mid-on. Just a check-drive to a length ball. No follow-through in that drive. Just the bat speed and the timing.
2 runs, fuller around off, pushed towards the right of Yusuf at sweeper cover for a couple, century of the partnership also comes up.
2 runs, superb from Warner at long-on to save two. Full toss outside off, punched to his right there but Warner sprints, leaps, slides, gets up in no time and keeps this to two.
no run, looks to go straight again, it's full around off. the batsman tries to loft that over the infield too. Gets a thick inside edge into the pad.
no run, inside edge as the bowler catches the batsman in the crease with a lovely length, just around the 4 m mark. The ball comes in with the angle and messes up the batsman's timing further.
1 run, short of length around off, the batsman rises on his toes and taps it towards square leg.
1 run, full outside leg stump, and muscled away to deep midwicket.
no run, good length on the stumps, steered to point.
1 run, full and floated into the pads, clipped to deep square leg.
OUT, short of length around off, clears his front leg and swats it towards deep midwicket, doesn't middle it though and Vijay Shankar makes no mistake at deep midwicket.
2 runs, slower ball at a length on middle stump, leans and in and clips it to short fine's left.
no run, length, and turns away, and the batsman is just about able to get his body behind it.
1 run, good length and into leg stump, flicked to midwicket's left.
FOUR runs, thick edge between short third man and the keeper! Full on off, and his attempted drive finds enough contact to go behind him for four. the batsman won't mind.
FOUR runs, the batsman having some fun here, driving this length ball back over his head for four.
no run, back of a length and angling across off, left alone.
no run, length outside off, tries to open the face but is beaten.
1 run, short of a length, wide, the batsman will feel he has missed out as he has found the fielder at point.
FOUR runs, slashed past point and into the boundary. Full outside off and the batsman perhaps instinctively went low to cut it. Gets it more aerial than he would have liked, given CSK's situation, but well wide of point.
OUT, drives it straight to mid-off! Good length and a lot of room outside off. Sets up to drill this on the rise. Was probably looking to go wider, towards the extra cover direction. But it's come off the inside half and a simple catch for Curran.
1 leg bye, full on leg stump, looks to flick but cops that on the pad.
1 run, back of a length, comes in with the angle towards middle and leg. Punched to long-on.
no run, and the batsman opts to start with that rarest of T20 strokes - the leave outside off.
1 wide, good length and down leg side, can't get bat on it.
3 runs, full on off, the batsman goes big, doesn't time it, it goes high up in the air and hangs up there forever, two fielders were converging, in the end, nobody got there.
1 run, down the wicket, the bowler shortens the length, outside leg and angling towards off. Punched to deep cover.
no run, full at off stump, blocked down the pitch.
no run, length outside off, stays back and defends back to the bowler.
1 run, leading edge wide of cover.
2 runs, good length outside off, and angling into the batsman. Flat-batted down the ground to long on. Also the hundred partnership.
no run, looks to play a premeditated sweep but misses. Gave away his intentions too early.
SIX runs, short outside off, the batsman throws the kitchen sink at it and gets hold of it as it sails over the third-man fence.
1 run, slight seam from a length just outside leg, the batsman squared up a touch, but plays with soft hands for a single.
1 run, flatter outside off, hammered to long-off.
to Tewatia, 1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched wide of mid-off for one.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, stands in the crease and drives it towards wide long-off.
no run, good length in the corridor, turning away. Looks to flick and gets a leading edge towards short third.
1 run, back of a length outside off, this is a better ball to play that late dab against, and the batsman gets off the mark with a single to third man.
1 run, skiddy short ball, hurries him into the pull, but he gets bat on it for a single to square leg.
no run, bouncer dug in very shot. Gets big on the batsman and he ducks under it.
1 run, good length on off, spins away from the right hander. Punched down the ground to mid off.
no run, the googly on middle, worked to midwicket. the batsman comes down, AB says get back. And Virat does. Good early communication because it was the wrong call from the batsman.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, punched to deep extra-cover.
2 runs, backs away and slaps this cut, halfstop by Mohit at point keeps it to a single.
1 run, slower legcutter again, hit inside-out to deep cover for one. the bowler bowling to his field.
no run, good length and just outside off, steps out and drives to extra cover.
no run, on a length, on off, pushed back to him. A fourth maiden coming?.
no run, tossed up around off and middle, drives it towards covers.
no run, short at middle and leg, steps out and looks to swipe to fine leg but cops that on the thigh guard.
no run, length ball on middle and leg, the batsman looks to flick it past short fine leg, mistimes. One bounce to the fielder.
no run, full, straight, and the batsman presents the full face of the bat to push the ball cautiously back at the bowler.
no run, wide of the crease and angled in towards off stump. Good length ball. the batsman on the back foot to try and pull, gets it off the high part of the bat.
no run, short of a length, wicket to wicket, defended back to him.
1 run, dipping full ball, driven to long-off for one more.
OUT, slower ball on a length, he goes for the hoick to the leg side, gets it on the splice and offers a high return catch to the bowler.
no run, short of a length and just outside off, punched back to the bowler off the toe-end.
2 runs, wrong'un, shortens the length too, the batsman bunts this into a hole on the leg side and comes back for two.
SIX runs, long-on and midwicket back, but the batsman takes them both on. He is not going to let the left-arm spinner settle. Drives this on the up without reaching its pitch, and goes over wide long-on for a six.
(no ball) SIX runs, full toss, and will be called a no ball, and he has hit this out of the ground. Way over midwicket!.
1 run, wide length ball, steered to third man for one.
SIX runs, oh he is picking his spots, which you can do against the bowler's pace. He knows the deep cover has just come in to give him a long-off so he makes room and lofts this full ball over cover. Another yorker gone wrong, it seems.
no run, bouncer at 149.1ks, and the batsman is still looking to ramp this. Beaten.
4 leg byes, full toss down the leg side, lucky to get away with just the four. Off the inside edge and past the diving Bairstow. That could have been his third straight six. Called leg-byes. He possibly missed it altogether.
1 run, short outside off, and that's been pulled over square leg. Almost a boundary, but Vijay Shankar cleans up.
1 run, cut uppishly to deep backward point. Short and just outside off, goes hard at that but can't find the gap.
1 run, full on off stump, clipped to long-on.
1 run, floats it full outside off, the batsman mistimes an off drive to long on. Thick inside edge on that.
FOUR runs, short of a length, outside off, and he picks on the short boundary, punching this in front of deep cover. The dive is a little belated at the boundary.
1 run, full slower ball outside off, driven to sweeper's right and can't pinch the second.
FOUR runs, backs away to give himself some room on this short of a length delivery and punches it through wide of long-off.
1 run, good length and cutting in from middle stump as he looks to punch through cover with the angle. Thick edge towards square leg.
1 run, shuffles across and works it away square of short fine leg.
no run, short of a length, outside off, left alone.
2 runs, very short on leg stump, and enough time for the batsman to get in position. Goes deep onto the back foot and thumps this down the ground to wide long on.
1 run, fuller than a good length on off, the batsman picks it up and whips it over square leg.
1 run, good length on middle stump, tucked to long leg.
2 runs, turns this gently towards the man coming in from mid-on, aggressive running. Misfield from Chahal.
1 run, length ball around off once again, the batsman stays back and pushes it towards long-on.
1 run, wide and full, the batsman hits this to long-off for one.
1 wide, tries a slower ball, across the batsman, and it's called a wide. Seemed to stay within the tramlines, but called against him.
no run, beaten on the edge. Short of a length and rising up in the corridor as he feels for it.
no run, good length on middle, and he gets down on one knee to paddle sweep. Straight to short fine leg.
1 run, steps out and works this low full toss down to long on.
(no ball), beamer! Oh, my. the batsman had to duck for cover. First ball in the IPL.  the bowler receives a first warning  and the batsman gets a free-hit.
no run, back of a length on middle, he clips to short midwicket.
no run, shorter length, he's back and punching this straight to cover.
no run, KKR review the lbw call. the batsman also fails to pick the ball that spins inwards. Good length, on the front foot trying to drive at an off stump line. He's caught in front of middle and leg, just above the knee. UltraEdge has nothing on it. Clipping the top of leg so it will be umpire's call.
1 run, full outside off, steered to third man.
1 run, whips a flat delivery on off stump down to long-on.
no run, swing and miss. What a debut for the bowler. So many cutters, finishes with 3 for 17. A slower ball outside off, the batsman swings too early.
1 run, length ball, pretty straight, worked to leg for one.
no run, good length and just outside off. Defeneded from the crease.
1 run, full on middle, spins away, dabbed into the covers.
OUT, he's taken at long-on! K Gowtham assists the bowler again. Just about. the batsman steps out against the googly and is too close to it despite getting to the pitch of it at a good length in front of off. No room to swing and his attempted slog comes off the inside half and goes straight to Gowtham. He looks to take with a reverse-cup but eventually completes the catch after stretching to his right on the second attempt.
no run, yorker right up at off stump. Can't do anything other than drill that back towards mid-off.
SIX runs, sliced for six! Backs away to go extra cover but doesn't quite get the timing or bat. Went off the thick outside edge. For a split-second, Harbhajan looked set to lap it up at square third man but watched this sail over in the end. Woah, how did that carry? I really don't know.
1 run, overpitched on leg stump, driven aerially to long-on.
1 run, length outside off, onto the back foot as he punches to long-off.
FOUR runs, off the low part of the bat. Those are the perils you make yourself vulnerable to when you stay away from the line so much. But he has enough power to make up for it as he slaps it hard through cover and point.
no run, short of a length, keeps low outside off, adjusts and fends it away towards mid-on.
1 run, length on middle and leg, turned to fine leg.
SIX runs, the bowler misses his yorker. Goes too full and outside off, the batsman collapses his back leg and lofts it over over the long-off boundary.
1 run, tossed up outside off, driven to long-off.
no run, slow around off, worked to midwicket. Two dots for the batsman.
FOUR runs, angling into his pads, and clipped off his toes to the midwicket boundary. The man in the deep tries to cut the boundary, but that's a futile attempt. Off the bat's sweet spot this time.
2 runs, shortish on off stump, flat-batted to the left of long-on and they sprint another couple.
1 run, length outside off, cuts it towards sweeper cover.
2 runs, length ball on off, and the batsman shuffles across to the off side and nudges it to the square-leg region. Played with gentle hands, and that actually allows them to take the second.
1 run, a slower ball, at the stumps, nudged into midwicket has a decent chance for a hundred.
no run, beaten. Good length outswinger wide outside off, steps out and throws the hands at it. Not close to making contact.
1 run, quicker one and flatter on middle, the batsman makes room and pushes it towards covers for one.
2 runs, flatter on the pads, the batsman was shuffling in the crease, moves inside the line and tucks it fine, Moeen Ali with the slide at fine leg.
1 run, driven hard, a half-stop at cover keeps it down to a single.
1 run, goes back to punch the ball away towards square leg.
1 run, legbreak, and it's nudged out to the cover sweeper.
1 run, length and flat, 95kph, at off stump. Comfortably on the back foot to punch this to long-on.
1 run, flatter on off, turned with the spin to long on again.
no run, slower ball, and outside off stump. Attempts the drive but deceived by the pace. Goes past his bat's outside edge.
FOUR runs, the batsman marches down the track again, meets a back-of-a-length ball outside off, and crunches it over the bowler's head. Pinged off the middle of the bat to the straight boundary.
no run, full, nearly a yorker, dug out to short extra cover.
1 run, short ball just outside off, pulled to long-on off the front foot.
1 run, change of pace, as he hits the deck, but Surya adjusts just in time to send it to long-on.
1 run, flat and wide outside off, chopped towards backward point for one, like Karun and Yuvraj in the first innings. But Hardik is much quicker and makes it with time to spare.
FOUR runs, after three good balls in his own half, Kirshna pitches one up on the pads, and the batsman says thank you very much. Whips it over midwicket.
no run, fires this full on off, squeezes the drive to cover.
1 run, just outside the off stump, he steers it down to third man.
FOUR runs, a touch too full, a touch too straight, and the batsman sweeps this past square leg for four.
1 run, flighted outside off, driven hard with his wrist unfurling on it, but Morgan makes a dive at cover and keeps them down to one. Seems he has saved at least one run here.
1 run, short of a length outside off, chopped to short third.
FOUR runs, low full toss, 143ks, on off. Knocking practice. Drives this straight of mid-off for four.
1 run, short of a length, he stays deep in the crease to pull it, and it bounces short of deep midwicket.
2 runs, goes on the back foot and works it to the leg side with soft hands, calls for two immediately.
1 bye, full outside off, and spins sharply into the left-hander. Tries to cut but too close to his body. The ball goes under his bat, and Kishan can't hold onto it either.
OUT, gets too close to this one. KXIP have bowled really well to the batsman, who has been looking to take one of the spinners down. And they haven't given him the length to do so. Jumps out of the crease again to try to create his length, but gets too close to it, which means not enough elevation, and an easy catch at long-on.
1 run, goes for the flighted googly outside off from round the stumps, the batsman looks to turn it through midwicket, gets a leading edge down the ground.
no run, good length and curving away outside off. Punched to extra cover off the back foot.
1 run, slightly round-arm with this ball, full, just outside off, driven down to long-off for one.
1 run, lunges forward and eases this behind point for a quick single.
no run, another slower one, length outside off, the batsman comes forward and pushes it towards cover-point.
no run, shortish, close to off stump, makes room and cuts but can't beat backward point.
2 runs, now it's Parthiv's turn to use his feet, the bowler keeps digging the ball into the middle of the pitch. Parthiv aims a pull, ends up flapping the ball over midwicket.
no run, length ball at 146.5 kph, on the stumps and hurries on to the batsman who looks to pull it away, mistimed towards mid-on.
1 leg bye, think the wide yorker would have been a better option to earn a dot ball. But the bowler goes full and straight, Sran misses, struck on the pad, but it's sliding down.
1 run, good legth and just outside off, opens the face and runs it down to third man with the angle.
no run, quick length ball, driven straight to extra cover.
1 run, skiddy length ball on middle, tucked to square leg.
2 runs, survives a miscue into the off side and then possibly a run-out as well. the bowler outfoxes the batsman with a cutter at middle stump, rising away from him. He looks to slog, slices into the vacant region to extra cover's right. the bowler runs over there and throws at the striker's end where the batsman has gorunded the bat nicely. Extra cover was back on the line in that instance.
no run, full on off, nice shape back in again, punched back to the bowler again.
2 runs, slower ball outside off, swatted away to long-on's right, he makes good ground at the boundary and hurls a throw back at the non striker's as Lynn comes back for the second.
FOUR runs, short, sitting up outside off, and the batsman gets on his toes inside the crease and pulls to the right of deep midwicket.
1 run, full and straight, the batsman can't get under it. Only a single.
1 run, good length at middle stump, tapped into the leg side off the back foot.
no run, quick legbreak, outside off, defended back to him because of the turn.
1 run, full at leg stump, flicked through square leg off the front foot.
FOUR runs, overpitched and outside off, another poor ball from the bowler, Rohit simply leans into it, collapses his back leg, and drives it through the covers, beats sweeper cover to his right.
1 run, sweetly timed but Karthik has the field set for the full wide ball. Gets on his knee for this square drive and finds deep backward point.
2 runs, back of a length and outside off, the batsman shovels it away to wide long-on.
no run, slow in the air, looks like a wrong'un, defended to leg.
no run, right into the blockhole, kept out. Superb start.
OUT, inside edge and onto leg stump! That's a good delivery from the bowler. Gets it to jag back in off a good length from outside off. the batsman is looking to force it through the covers for the initial line and the movement is enough for the ball to take the inside edge. Leg stump if out of the gorund.
1 run, full on leg, and Dhawan clips it off his pads to deep backward square.
1 run, tossed up again, the batsman takes a stride out and drives it to long-on.
SIX runs, brings up fifty with his sixth six. Short and wide outside off, split stance and then quick hands from under this. He doesn't time it too well but it's wide of long-off and into the boards.
no run, fuller, angles across him, and he plays outside the line of this in trying to whack it over midwicket.
1 run, short of a length and spinning in, flicked to square leg.
1 run, works this against the line to Stokes coming in from wide long on.
1 run, shorter, worked into the leg side.
no run, length ball, straightens from a fourth-stump line. Again he was looking to use the initial angle and clip through mid-on or midwicket, ends up adjusting to flick to extra-cover.
1 run, sweeps against the turn and along the ground to long leg.
FOUR runs, a bit too full on middle stump, Suryakumar concentrates on placement as opposed to power. He stretches out and flicks it with the wrists between deep midwicket and wide long-on.
SIX runs, top-edges the big slog sweep, and there is a man stationed at deep midwicket. This is the shorter boundary - not very short, mind - and it clears the man. Only just.
1 run, a short delivery, pace off, outside off stump, dragged into the leg side without any timing took an age to reach him.
no run, full on off stump, patted out to mid-off on the front foot.
SIX runs, crunched away. Lovely sound. Out of the screws. Clears the front leg, and plays the big slog sweep over midwicket.
1 run, short, shoulder-high ball outside off, plays a checked pull along the ground to long-on.
1 run, down the track, he had to manufacture pace there, but the bowler digs it in short and quicker, and he doesn't get hold of the pull, slaps it straight back.
1 run, googly floated up at off stump, drilled firmly back at the bowler and bursts through his hands to trickle to long-off.
1 run, full outside off, hint of swing away, pushed between cover and point for a single down to deep cover-point.
1 run, back of a length, spinning from middle to off, worked away through square leg.
FOUR runs, full outside off and Hardik punch-drives it by opening the face, such great connection that it flies to the extra cover fence.
2 runs, one short ball after another. Seeing the ball coming towards him, the batsman pulls it a bit wide of long on for two more.
1 run, misfield at cover and that is it for both teams this season. Full and just outside off, driven hurredly into the covers and it's past the dive.
FOUR runs, shot. Length ball just outside off, gets on top of the bounce and punches it between cover and cover point. Lovely balance.
1 run, advances down the ground and drills a very full one to long-on.
no run, lovely shot. the batsman really doesn't need too much room to cut, and it doesn't need to be too short either. Cuts off the front foot, and Hardik moves quickly to his right, anticipating well, to cut it off.
2 runs, gives himself some room and cuts this from outside off to deep point.
no run, length on middle stump, stays deep in the crease and pushes it back down the pitch.
no run, this one doesn't turn. Slow in the air, conventional legbreak, the batsman plays an inside-out drive accounting for the turn, but gets an inside edge as it goes straight on.
no run, good length outside off, pushed into the off side on the front foot.
1 run, short, cramps him up as he makes room. Bottom edge on the pull for a single.
FOUR runs, shortish, fourth-stump line, opens up at the hips to make a bit more room and slap it to the cover point boundary. It feels like the fielders have disappeared altogether.
SIX runs, lifted over fine leg. Short and gently up at a leg stump line. Just uses the angle and picks it up over short fine.
1 run, slow around off, nudged away towards midwicket for one. Another tidy over from KKR, they're doing this very very nicely.
FOUR runs, slower ball, short of a length and across the corridor. Waits on it, opens the face and steers it past short third man.
1 run, short of a length, into the body, tucked off the hip for one.
1 run, full and just outside off, clears the front leg and clatters this to sweeper cover.
no run, full outside leg stump, but the batsman expected that. Backs away further towards the leg side and thumps it towards deep midwicket.
no run, good length outside off, he's back and defending.
SIX runs, bam. Axar sends down a long-hop, and the batsman swivels and deposits it high over the square leg boundary.
2 runs, in the air as he tries to loft this fuller one and lands safely in front of long-off.
no run, Axar finishes well with a middle-stump yorker. Jammed back to him.
OUT, gone through Thampi and the bowler strikes! It's a flatter delivery, quick through the air and short. Yet, Thampi misreads the length, goes back and looks to cut, he fails to connect, but the ball hits off stump.
1 run, short on leg stump, flicked to short fine's left.
1 run, good length on middle stump, flicked to square leg.
no run, full toss on the thigh, 142ks, for the best part of its journey it seems like it will be a no-ball, but it dips and hits him on the thigh pad. Or has it missed the padding?.
no run, wider legbreak, de Villiers likes the flight so he goes after it, but is beaten by the turn.
4 leg byes, walks across and swipes at a short ball, looking for the long leg boundary. Ends up with a miscue over the wicketkeeper. Comes off the thigh pad. Fifty partnership in 20 balls. the batsman has made 41 of those.
no run, tossed up legbreak, spins in, played back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, the batsman continues with his cameo-hitting form. There has hardly been any runs scored in the last two overs, and three wickets have fallen, but he makes room and casually thumps this length ball in front of deep cover for four.
1 run, full toss on off, drilled to long-off.
1 run, nicely played but can't get it past mid-off. Outswinger, full and wide outside off. Leans in and drives firmly, right off the middle of the bat.
FOUR runs, gets the placement right this time another half-volley angled into his pads and he smacks it between midwicket and mid-on.
no run, full on leg, and turning across the batsman. Defended off the back foot to the leg side.
1 run, once again in the blockhole, the batsman can only dig it towards long-off for one.
FOUR runs, first boundary since the fifth over. Lovely cover-drive past the short extra cover. Clears his front leg to give him some room, and gets a full-enough length to be able to drive it powerfully.
FOUR runs, lovely placement. He has got a short ball, and he has not looked to pull this for a six. He just rocks back and pulls this in front of deep square and square of deep midwicket.
no run, length ball on middle, and he taps this to short midwicket. Dot ball!.
FOUR runs, cracking shot. Not sure this is where he exactly intended to go when he skipped down the wicket, but the length ball is wide, and he drives it square through point.
2 runs, slower through the air on leg, the batsman works it with the spin to leg with soft hands so that they take two even though Dhoni chases it all the way.
1 wide, that is short and wide. And this time it is called despite the batsman's move across.
2 runs, waits, waits and then drills this tossed up delivery to long off where Prasidh misfields to give away a second.
SIX runs, swung over the ropes at deep square leg. Too short, he picked the length and smeared this from outside off. Clobbered that, deep into the stands. Coach Tom Moody has a big grin.
1 run, just about stopped at short third. Good length and just outside off, late cut between backward point and short third. Khaleel dives to his left and manages to stop with his body but he's grimacing and he's stayed on the floor, holding what looks like his right knee. Did he slip and end up seating that knee on the ball?.
1 run, quick single to mid-off. There's a direct hit but the batsman doesn't seem too perturbed. He had to run around Sid the bowler, but he's well in.
FOUR runs, slower ball, and wide outside leg stump. Allows the batsman to actually adjust, swivel, and then smash this pull fine behind square.
1 run, good length outside off, but turning away from the batsman. He drags this pull towards deep midwicket for a walking single.
FOUR runs, lofts his first ball over mid-off. Oh he wants his 15th T20 title in a hurry. Overpitched outside off, gets a stride out and extends his arms to nail the connection on this.
1 run, has he overstepped? Pulled from outside off towards deep midwicket. Apparently not, my eyes were playing tricks.
FOUR runs, length on off and that's an outrageous stroke on a slow pitch! Presents a straight bat and punches it past the bowler off the backfoot.
1 run, a yorker outside off, jammed into the pitch and then over mid-off for a run.
1 run, dropped at square leg! What an effort from Chahar, but the ball pops out of his hand. Short on middle, and the batsman pulled that hard. Chahar dived to his right, but the ball just didn't stick in. Chance goes down.
1 run, OUT, that same line and length. And a terribly-judged second from the batsman! CSK's first wicket. Worked away towards backward square leg. Fine leg gets across quickly, he's holding the ball by the time the batsman turns around. Dhawan looks at his partner mid-way through and knows that's an iffy call, but trusts his partner. Maybe, he shouldn't have. Dhoni takes off the bails with the batsman well short.
FOUR runs, swings wildly at this wide fuller ball and gets an outside edge that gets over short third man and carries to the boundary.
no run, back of a length and spins in, chopped to cover.
1 run, low full toss, 142.7kph, hurriedly tapped to mid-on's left.
no run, quicker one on off, the batsman goes back and defends to cover with a straight bat.
1 run, slices it through the covers to get off strike.
no run, beaten by a brilliant googly that spins sharply past the edge.
no run, length, and he punches this towards short cover.
2 runs, Oh, dear. Tewatia has put down a chance at long-on. Dube didn't pick the googly, went for the lofted hit, got a leading edge that went so high. He over-ran the ball and then had to back track. Didn't look like taking it at any stage.
1 run, full outside off, driven to long-off.
1 run, yorker at leg stump, 135kph, jammed to long-on's left.
no run, beaten! Another cutter, a typical the bowler special. the batsman poked at it with an angled bat.
SIX runs, full on middle, slower ball at 114.4 ks, but the batsman picks it and holds his shape as he carts it over long-on. This man is in some form.
no run, just short of the diving man at point. This is short of a length, he looks to which this to leg, but gets an inside edge onto the thigh pad. Ishan Kishan puts in a full-length dive at point, but this still reaches him only on a half-volley.
no run, tossed up wide outside off, opens the face and runs this to backward point.
1 wide, bangs one in, the batsman looks to whip it square but misses. Wide down leg.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and cutting hard to deep point.
1 leg bye, fuller than a good length and skids in to cramp the batsman for room and ping the pad. Ashwin strays out for a single but the batsman sends him back. There's a horrible mix-up, they then go for the single. the bowler swoops down on the ball, turns, and aims to effect a direct hit at the non-striker's end. He, however, loses his balance and collapses. Has he hurt his hamstring again? Given as one leg bye.
1 run, heavy ball. Full outside off, and driven square to the man in the deep. Easy single.
OUT, oh he sweeps. the bowler slips in the googly after showing him the gap square on the leg side. Had to take the risk. the batsman bit the bait. Bowled neck and crop.
1 wide, wide outside leg this time.
no run, fullish, angled across, the batsman stays stapled to the crease and swings and misses.
no run, slower short ball just outside off, cut straight to backward point.
no run, lovely bouncer. Climbing up at the throat and he does well to keep his eyes on this and sway into the leg side to let that go.
no run, seam again, and extra bounce. Hits the handle of the bat. Bowled at 147ks, on a length.
no run, quick legbreak, on a length, outside off, pushed to extra cover.
no run, this is fuller, at off stump, pushed into the covers.
1 run, effortlessly flicks a length ball on off stump to deep midwicket. Touch of class in that.
FOUR runs, bouncer, head high, at him, and the batsman hooks in the air. There is a deep backward square in place, but he has managed to get it in just in front of square.
no run, tossed up, and he drives this towards point.
no run, short of a length, straight, pushed to midwicket.
1 run, steps out and toe-ends a pull to wide mid-on.
no run, good length and just outisde off, beaten on the jab towards third man.
no run, wrong'un, short of a length, wide, and he has picked this only off the wicket. Dabs it to point.
2 runs, low full toss on middle stump, shuffles and flicks to deep square's left.
SIX runs, slower short ball, 129ks, sits up to be hit, and he gets inside the line to pull this for a six over deep square.
1 run, length on off stump, tapped to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, pitches outside leg and zips off the pitch to hit the thigh pad, Dhawan sneaks in a leg bye and finds some breathing space at the other end.
1 run, a fumble at deep midwicket, KKR's fielding still a beat wobbly. the batsman had swept this one with the turn to the leg side.
1 run, charges down the track and drills it down to mid off for a quick single.
FOUR runs, short of a length and just outside off. Waits on that deep in the crease and punches it well in front of square, to extra cover's left.
1 wide, full and very wide outside off. Left alone.
1 run, slower bouncer, he sits back and runs it down to third man for one.
FOUR runs, slips this length ball down leg and the batsman tucks this fine to get off the mark with a boundary. Why Deepak, why?.
no run, short of a length, sways out of the line outside off.
1 run, too full and driven back straight, but there's a long-on so he'll only get a single.
FOUR runs, oh lovely. Short and in the corridor, stays firmly planted this time and allows it right under his eye before nudging it through the cordon region. The other side of third man this time.
FOUR runs, slower ball, dropped just a shade too short. QDK saps across the line to beat deep square. Sits up nicely for him, he makes room and it's not completely off the middle. But far enough in front of deep square.
1 run, slow and loopy all right, but wide and too full. Driven hard to long-off.
2 runs, full and into the pads. Whips it off the toes to fine leg's left.
FOUR runs, four in a row! Good length on off, and the batsman simply sticks his bat out. Gets a thick outside edge as the ball flies past the keeper's left. Time out as well.
no run, low full toss, nearly a yorker outside off, and de Villiers mis-hits it back to the bowler.
no run, another big slower offcutter, and Mann is really early into the shot. Beaten again. Mustafizur-like cutters here.
FOUR runs, short of a length just outside off, allows it to climb and gently nudges it through where a third slip would have been. No risk and four runs.
no run, full on the pads, nearly chipped to midwicket.
OUT, the bowler bangs it short and has the batsman nicking behind. Banged in short and slanting away outside off from over the wicket, the batsman can't get on top of it. He pulls weakly and edges it behind to Rahul.
OUT, fuller on the leg stump, the batsman comes forward and looks to flick it towards midwicket, misses and the ball ricochets off the pads to clatter into the off stump.
no run, short slower ball at the hips. Flicked to square leg's right. DK wants the run and doesn't get a response from the batsman. Dives at the other end as the throw misses.
2 runs, slower off cutter, wide, on a length, driven on the up, to the left of the sweeper cover for two.
1 leg bye, tossed up but on the pads, rolls away to square leg.
1 run, tossed up and driven to long off.
1 run, oh a leading edge on a full toss. Not sure why he didn't try to smack this. Anyway it falls short of the charging deep cover. He takes just the single despite the misfield. Seems to have switched off a little.
1 wide, short and fired down leg, wide called. Rightly so. Frustration for the bowler and RCB.
1 run, full on off stump, driven uppishly to long-off.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. Knows the mid-off is wide, and can loft this towards the straight mid-off even though there might not be much timing because of the slow pitch. And in the end, he ends up getting some timing too.
1 run, misfield at extra cover. Length ball at off stump, tapped off the back foot to Mandeep who mistimes his pick up after getting low.
no run, beaten. Length ball skidding through outside off and is too much for the attempted drive on the up.
1 run, swept fiercely, down to deep square leg.
no run, toe-ends a paddle, can't get it up and over.
1 wide, short and down leg side, beaten on the attempted glance.
no run, back of a length and skids off the pitch, hits the thigh and lobs to slip, where Rana dives forward but can't catch the ball.
FOUR runs, full, outside leg, perhaps tried a googly, and Dhawan has drilled this sweep to square leg for four.
1 run, not quite enough room so the batsman plays within himself, gliding the short ball down to third man.
FOUR runs, misfield! Well, speaking of Thampi, this is a sloppy start from him in the field. Rohit slashes a rising delivery down to third man, and what should be a simple stop instead results in four runs as Thampi is slow creaking down to it and lets the ball past him.
2 runs, whips this full toss into the gap at wide long-on.
OUT, unconvincing innings from the batsman comes to an end. Tripathi must be wondering why he was dropped down the order. No risks taken. And he is bowled off the inside edge to a really quick delivery. At 148ks, short of a length, nipping in slightly, and the batsman is done in.
2 runs, fuller around off, comes forward and pushes it towards mid-on, sprints back for the second and makes it safely.
1 run, low full toss again, he moves across to work this to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, dropped off his own bowling. the batsman goes with the slog sweep and gets it off the toe-end. It hangs high in the mid-on area. He's running backwards and looks to be in a bad position as it comes down. Swerves away from him as he follows it and bounces back off the turf to hit him in the face. Not an easy chance, that one.
SIX runs, and he makes the free hit count, sending it just over a leaping Ben Stokes at long-on. Length ball and the batsman went back in his crease to create the room to swat it away.
FOUR runs, that's a better bouncer. Right at his badge, and quicker too, draws the mis-hit, but Krunal Pandya has misjudged the catch at long leg. Can't even get a hand to it. Charges in and the runs to his left.
no run, gets down to paddle, may have got bat but it's well stopped, even if unintentionally,  by Pant, who offers his pad. He was moving to his left when the ball thudded into it. Lucky for the bowler.
1 run, fuller, quick, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, slashed away to point where Mandeep moves quickly to his right to stop that. the batsman has missed out.
FOUR runs, Field up, what?the batsman hits over the top and secures a thrilling win for Sunrisers. Pretty full on middle stump, yet another slower ball from the bowler, the batsman does not get all of it but manages to swipe it over midwicket for a boundary. Hooda embraces the batsman and the celebrations begin in the Sunrisers camp.
FOUR runs, slower ball on the pads, helped along aerially and just wide of the diving short fine-leg to his left, and once it beat him, the result was never in question.
SIX runs, lovely batting. the batsman is on a roll. Skips down the track again, and he has to advance a long way to get close to this. He is not right to its pitch but lofts him straight back over his head.
1 run, really full and outside off, shovelled with the bottom hand to long-on.
FOUR runs, top edge over the keeper. Is this the day he finds some luck? So far so good. He was outdone by this slower ball. Dug in short outside off and he wanted to pull. Had to check the shot in the end.
no run, bouncer outside off, the batsman now ducks under this.
OUT, picks out the fielder at deep midwicket! Spotted Samson asking Tripathi to move to his left after he'd pulled off that sliding stop a couple balls ago. And Faf has ended up hitting it straight there. Short of a length on middle stump, gets everything into this pull. It's not a small ground. Tripathi stays still and this dips on him. He takes it very very low in front of his eyes in the end. Not the ideal technique, but it's a good grab. Finally some joy for the bowler. They've given him something following the short break, and he's given them good returns tonight.
no run, almost a run-out chance as the batsman dabbed the ball to short third man and didn't even look at Russell, who ran more than halfway down the pitch. But got back safe thanks to an inaccurate throw.
OUT, smart catch by Chahar at deep square leg. Just an example of how small the ground is. This is a terrible mis-hit to a full toss, but the top edge carries to the boundary. Chahar takes his overhead and to his left, and he is a couple of yards off the fence so he can go down and roll safely. The third umpire confirms that.
no run, arm ball on off, and zipping straight through. He came down the ground to try and slog it, but the ball stayed low and crept under his bat. Hits his back leg.
1 run, googly, short of a length and up at middle. Dragged to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, good length outside off, a late cut straight to short third man.
2 runs, full and straight, a bottom-handed whip through long-on for two. Archer runs around to his right and parries the ball to long-off, with a dive.
FOUR runs, full and wide, looking to deny him the leg-side hit, but the off side is also the batsman's strength. And this is a half-volley. He opens the face and drives over backward point for four.
2 runs, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
no run, full now, on off stump, driven to short extra-cover.
1 run, length on off stump, goes deep in the crease and nudges it through point off the outside half.
1 run, hint of width outside off, steered to square third man.
FOUR runs, on a length, cramping him, but the batsman gets enough bat on this to clear midwicket for four.
1 run, length outside off, goes for the cut, doesn't middle it but a misfield by Suryakumar Yadav at extra cover allows single.
no run, wide and full, he drives at it, gets a bottom edge through to the keeper. Along the ground.
1 run, half-tracker, just outside off, and he offers the bat's full face to play this down to long on.
no run, full ball on the stumps, flicked to short midwicket.
1 run, slog swept! But lands short of deep midwicket. The delivery was full on off, and the batsman took a big stride towards the off side.
1 run, length on middle, pushed to long-on.
no run, deceived by the dip. the batsman thinks he can flick it through midwicket and get more runs, but the ball dips and straightens to secure the leading edge.
nan
2 runs, short and just outside off, lashed to sweeper point's right.
1 run, slipped? Full toss on middle, but not of the pace that would worry the batsman. Nudged off his pads to the vacant midwicket region for a single.
FOUR runs, slower and fuller outside off, KW gets to the pitch of the ball and  creams this between cover and mid off. .
1 run, googly at a length just outside off, punched to deep extra cover.
no run, beats him with an offbreak outside off, pitching on a lovely length that can't be driven off the front foot, or cut off the back.
1 run, good length just outside off, and that's been worked off his legs towards the mid-wicket boundary.
FOUR runs, short of a length, wide, with no deep point. That is a rare bad ball from the bowler. the batsman cuts it perfectly into the gap. That is eight off this over.
1 run, full, but wide outside off. Forced to reach at it, but still manages to drive it safely past the cover region. Man in the deep.
1 run, shortish and outside off, the batsman chops it down to third man.
1 run, slower short ball, punched down to long-on for one.
1 run, short on off, the batsman arches his back and runs a single to the right of the keeper. Rayudu scrambles for a single.
2 runs, length, and he goes back and punches it towards midwicket.
no run, short of a length outside off, punched into the covers.
1 run, full on leg, he turns the face early and gets a leasing edge to long off.
1 run, flatter one on the stumps, punched to long on.
1 run, quicker, fuller, just outside off, hit to long-off for one.
OUT, slower ball, on a length, 126ks, on leg, and Harshal doesn't get room to swing on this slog. Caught at deep midwicket.
no run, a full offcutter outside off, eliciting a drive but not an edge as the ball flies past the outside edge.
no run, beaten for pace. 136 kph, full outside off, the batsman is not anywhere near the drive.
1 run, slower and angled in, comes down the wicket and pushes it through midwicket.
SIX runs, see ya! Vintage. Full and marginally short of yorker length at middle stump. Gets the front leg out of the way, hangs back on his back leg and whips it with those quick hands. 102 metres. Way, way over long-on.
1 wide, slower short ball down leg side, beaten on the pull.
1 run, slower ball smashed into the pitch, short of a length and at the body. Backs away and hammers it only to fine long-off.
no run, shortish, some room but not a whole lot of it on offer, slaps it hard and chops it towards extra cover.
SIX runs, sees Dhawan advancing and fires it wide, but he's outfoxed. Dhawan is a step ahead as he reaches out and clobbers this against the turn and across the line to clear long-on.
1 run, good length and holding in the pitch outside off. Check-punch to sweeper cover.
no run, tossed up, and he flicks this off the front foot towards midwicket.
1 run, short ball, and he gets up on his toes and whips this towards backward square leg.
1 run, full on leg, 143 kph. Beaten for pace again. Struck on the pad, the ball then ricochets away for one towards point.
SIX runs, welcomed with a loooong hit over midwicket! Tossed up at leg stump, gets the front leg into the leg side and slogs cleanly to send it to the second tier.
FOUR runs, misfield at deep square leg. That's sloppy. Length ball swiped across the line. Bandaru Ayyappa, substitute fielder, pedals to his left and gets his body behind this. But he gets his hands in a mess and can't hold on on the bounce. Ends up parrying it to his left and into the boundary.
1 run, short of good length, angled into the body, turned away into the leg side.
1 run, short of a length, angling in, runs this down to third man for one.
SIX runs, out the stadium! Back of a length on middle and off, the batsman was waiting for that, like the first ball. He stays back and goes baaaang! Way over square leg. How long? Looks like 750 metres.
no run, shortish and outside off, chopped hard but straight to point.
1 run, on a length, slow off the surface, pushed wide of Patel for a tight single.
FOUR runs, lovely straight hitting. the bowler goes full, 140ks, and he gets under it and lofts him back over his head.
OUT, awkwardly bunts a high full toss back to the bowler. Umpires are checking if it was above the waist. Straight into his mid-riff, that. He was hopping and lobbed it straight back up for the bowler. It's about thigh high. the batsman will go back. He was shaping to play the ramp. Caught off guard, but it is a legal delivery.
no run, slower through the air, Dhawan looks for the big sweep, early into the shot, beaten, but the ball is headed down leg.
no run, slower ball, wide and full, but inside the line. Good ball. Left alone.
2 runs, wrong'un finishes on the pads, tickled away to fine leg.
no run, good length, coming back in from outside off and strikes him high on the pad.
3 runs, clever batting. Shuffles across, gets under a length ball, laps it for three.
1 run, length ball, spinning away, leans early into a punch to long-off.
no run, easy catch for midwicket. No run. Full ball on middle and he'll be disappointed not to get this chip over that infielder.
1 run, length, and he punches this towards long off.
SIX runs, length, on off stump, and he has clubbed this over long on. Hat-trick of sixes, and KKR are making a fist of this. Can they pull it off again?.
2 runs, offbreak, good length and quick at middle stump. Hurriedly swept to deep square's right. Misfield by Rana.
2 runs, reverse hit attempted by the batsman off a length ball. Gets it over short third man, but can only just clear him, and picks up two. Oh it's a cruel game sometimes, especially for the bowlers.
1 run, good length just outside off. Makes some room, and mistimes a cut past point to deep backward point. Gets Russell back on strike.
1 run, slower on the stumps at 120kmh, the batsman waits and helps it to leg for one.
no run, slower ball, back of a length outside off. the batsman hasn't picked this up at all, and the ball goes under his attempted leg-side slog.
2 runs, short of a length, outside off, runs this down fine of square third man, and they also take on Ashwin to make the second comfortably.
1 wide, full and drifting down the leg side for a wide.
1 run, full outside off, punched away to the sweeper cover.
no run, shorter, 142ks, rising higher than expected and beats his attempt to cut.
2 runs, full and slow outside off. Backs away and drills to long-off's right.
1 run, short and wide outside off, slapped on the up to sweeper cover.
no run, short of a length outside off, 142.7kph, hurried punch into the covers.
1 run, angles it across him, and he goes back and punches this towards extra cover.
2 runs, misfield sat square leg and they're back for the second. Very poor from Gurkeerat, who is playing his first game.
OUT, taken at deep midwicket. Full toss on leg stump, a hurried flick and hardly a step needed to be taken, it's straight into that fielder's grasp.
FOUR runs, full toss angling into the pads and he's picked him to the deep square leg boundary. Too easy, he'll put those away even if his sleep.
1 run, slower ball to end the over. Good length outside off, and Kishan mistimes his cut.
1 run, full on off, he drives it past cover and gets a single before mid off cuts it off.
no run, good length and just outside off, pushed to midwicket's left.
no run, nicely bowled. Slower short ball outside off, shapes to pull and is through it very early to be beaten.
no run, steps out and slaps this to Raina at cover. He fires a throw at the bowler's end but Lewis reacts quickly to plonk his bat back in.
1 run, flighted outside off, pushed to long-off for one.
no run, nicely tossed up on off stump, the batsman smashes it to cover. Only four off the over.
1 run, full on the pads, chipped to mid-on for one.
no run, length on the pads, whipped away straight to midwicket.
1 run, on a length, outside off, no swing, pushed wide of mid-off for one.
no run, slower cutter outside off, grips in the surface, Faf throws his bat at the ball and does not make contact.
no run, slower length ball at off stump, defended on the front foot.
no run, looking for the late cut but fails to connect. Short and wide outside off, the batsman misses his dab.
no run, and now he looks to go to leg after shuffling across, but falls over and is beaten outside off.
1 run, on-pace length ball with mid-off up. Recipe for disaster. the batsman, though, hits this straight to the man placed wide than an usual mid-off.
no run, short of a length outside off, chopped on the bounce to point.
1 run, digs it in short and the batsman goes for the pull but gets a top edge. One bounce to fine leg, with Prasidh doing well to move to his right quickly and field the ball.
1 run, short of length around off, goes back and lofts it towards sweeper cover, didn't middle it but got enough to clear the fielder in the circle.
1 leg bye, Kishan uses his feet, the bowler goes shorter and gets it to spin in and hits the thigh pad again.
1 run, dragged down outside off, smeared away to long-on.
2 runs, good length and wide outside off, driven to sweeper's right.
1 run, full outside off, punched to long-off.
FOUR runs, finally misses his length. Probably bowls it quicker to protect a good over, and ends up bowling it short. Kishan goes back to cash in, cutting it to the right of point.
1 run, does him in the air as the batsman looks for the extra cover, and he ends up chipping this full ball towards long-off for one.
1 run, makes room but the bowler follows him, worked to square leg.
no run, good length, slow and turning at off stump. Steps out and is forced to dead-bat that because he's nowhere near the pitch.
1 run, short of a length in the corridor, gets on top of the bounce and steers it to third man.
FOUR runs, full on leg, and the batsman uses his wrists to whip it off his pads to deep backward square. Fine leg can't intercept either.
no run, rooted to the crease, hangs his bat out at a full delivery, beaten.
2 runs, length on middle, the batsman pushes it to long-on, they turn blind for the second and Curran really has to get his skates on their and eventually put in a dive to be safe at the non striker's as the throw comes in. As it turns it, Hardik isn't able to gather it cleanly, so no drama there.
1 run, length at off stump, driven on the rise to long-off.
1 run, flat length ball outside off, presses forward to defend, squeezes it into the gap to the right of short extra-cover.
OUT, the googly goes through Nabi's wild heave. It pitched outside off, and turned back in. Nabi clears a front leg and swings, looking to clear midwicket, an indicator he read the variation. But the ball finds a massive gap between bat and pad to hit the stumps. Sunrisers now struggling.
1 run, on a length, middle and off, punched down to long-on for one.
3 runs, a length ball on the pads, clipped to the vast open spaces in the leg side for, you'd better believe, a three at Sharjah.
FOUR runs, oh yes! Yes yes yes. That is the KL the batsman everyone dreams of for India. This is full and outside off, and he brings out the perfect cover drive - big stride, weight into the shot, high elbow and a balanced head right on top of the ball. Perfect timing on it.
no run, wide length ball, some turn, punched straight to extra cover.
1 run, he tries to sweep from well outside off but gets a bottom edge for one as it was the wrong'un.
no run, slow through the air, drops on him, beats him in the flight, turns back in, hits him on the pad, but he has got himself outside the line.
no run, back of a length and angling across off, forced down to mid-off.
no run, back of a length on the fifth stump channel, and he's happy to let it go through.
no run, short of length outside off, some extra bounce there, left alone by the batsman.
1 run, length on middle stump, walks down the pitch and chips it towards long-on.
FOUR runs, hammered over cover, but lands just short of the Chahar in the deep! Terrific commitment from Chahar to attack the ball, but the ball drops just in front of his dive and bounces away to the boundary. This was a fast ball outside off and the batsman slapped it over the infield.
1 run, good length on off, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, good length on off, and punched off the back foot to cover. The fielder fumbles, and that allows them to complete an easy run.
1 run, slower short ball, runs it to short third man for one.
1 run, non-turning length ball on a leg-stump line, whipped off the pads through square leg.
1 run, the batsman slaps at the sight of width but it only goes so far as sweeper cover on the bounce.
SIX runs, ends with a six! Short on off, and Yusuf pulls it away. Top-edged, but enough power behind the big man to take it over the boundary behind square. Sunrisers Hyderabad win in Kolkata for the first time ever!.
2 runs, nice little late-cut to one pitched just short of a length, but their third man is square because they know of Dhawan's strengths.
5 runs, length outside off, the batsman shapes to leave it but is indecisive, the ball takes the full face of the bat, trickles away to point, and the fielder hurls a throw at the striker's end, misses the stumps and it races away for overthrows.
1 run, full on off, and driven with the turn down to wide long on.
FOUR runs, short, wide, cut in the air, just past point, and deep cover can't get to it.
1 run, full on middle, pushed to long-on.
FOUR runs, full and outside off, can't bowl there the bowler, muscled away through the leg side and Kishan pings the midwicket boundary.
1 run, short of a length and angled into the corridor. Backs away and under-edges a cut towards mid-off.
no run, googly outside off, slightly shorter, Moeen is early into the the pull and misses.
1 run, flat and quick outside off, no flight, no room. the batsman goes back and pushes the ball in front of point for one.
no run, fizz, turn and bounce. the batsman pokes and misses as this whizzes past the outside edge from middle and off.
1 run, full on middle, and he drives down the ground to long off for a single.
1 run, spins back in from leg stump, worked to deep square leg.
1 wide, wide down the leg side. Looking to stay stump to stump and slipping down.
1 run, pulled from outside off towards deep square leg.
1 run, wider length ball, bunted into the leg side but will get only one.
1 run, tossed up slower and the batsman goes for the old-fashioned heave with the turn. Plays too early and inside-edges past leg stump.
SIX runs, fuller on the stumps, in the slot for the batsman who clears his front leg and smashes it over long-on, brings up the 50-run stand with that six - off 35 balls.
no run, sharp short ball, at him, and he does well to drop his wrists and stays away from its line.
SIX runs, the batsman is waiting for a fourth slower ball in the over, and the bowler serves it up. He opens up the front leg and pulls this over deep midwicket for another six.
FOUR runs, finds the point boundary! Length ball outside off, gets the front foot out of the way and slices it over point.
FOUR runs, drags the length back, and the batsman loves it just as much. Stands tall and pulls him over midwicket.
1 run, another googly, the batsman was looking to give himself some room, ends up chopping it into the ground, the ball hits the keeper's pad and rolls towards short fine leg.
SIX runs, crisp sound of the bat. Don't worry about that. Slogs it from outside off, over midwicket. Can't be bowling on-pace length to him in this mood.
FOUR runs, it's too straight. Full and drifting down leg. All the batsman needs is a bit of bat, a thick inside edge and the ball flies down to the fine leg fence.
1 run, pulled away, not in control. Deep square does well to come around.
1 run, fullish length, slid in on middle and leg, drilled away to mid-on.
no run, goes back into the crease and defends this length ball.
FOUR runs, length outside off, the batsman flat bats this like a tennis forehand past mid-off's right for four.
1 run, off-stump yorker, 141ks, dragged down to long-on.
FOUR runs, lovely lofted drive over cover. the bowler's extra pace is nice for this drive through the line from the batsman that was Kohli mouthing wow and standing up in the dugout. It's a length ball pushed across him and he gets half a stride out and keeps his head very still to maintain balance under this. Nice wrists at the end help him get that over. Languid and elegant.
1 run, a good length delivery, 119 kph, another cutter, chopped into the pad and then point. Another tidy over, just five runs from it.
2 runs, nearly a yorker, on the toes, the batsman gets an inside edge past short fine leg for two.
1 wide, slower short ball outside leg, the batsman misses the attempted hook.
FOUR runs, length ball, wide outside of, and he reaches towards the ball to muscle a cut. Placed past point, and there are big gaps at the boundary there. No fielder bothered moving.
1 run, long-hop on off stump, pulled hard and flat, on the bounce to Stokes at deep midwicket.
1 run, full outside off, and Russell almost gets under it. Drills it past the umpire, and long on does well to cut it off.
1 run, on a length, straight, pushed to mid-off for one.
1 wide, again he goes for that wide line, and ends up slanting the ball too wide. Attempted slower one this time.
1 run, thick outside edge cut off by third man to his right. Short of a length just outside off, looks to slap it behind square off the back foot.
2 runs, good length and into the hips, hopping again as he flicks to deep square's right.
2 runs, full toss on middle pushed down the ground, past the bowler, and the long-on can't get around it in time to stop them from turning for the second. Mumbai have stolen this after looking like absolute certainties to take it midway through the over and briefly losing it with Pollard's dismissal against the run of play.
1 run, slower ball on leg, he nudges this to midwicket, they push for two but it is shut down.
1 run, works the short ball on his hips behind square leg.
FOUR runs, length, angles into him, and he plays a sumptuous drive through midwicket. Gorgeous shot as he eased it to the left of midwicket, and to the right of the man at mid on.
FOUR runs, oh he doesn't bowl to his field. Gives him a low full toss outside leg, and he helps it along for four to fine leg.
no run, run out? Full on leg, and the batsman looks to reverse sweep straight away. Finds Dhawan at first slip, who throws down the stumps. the batsman was in though.
no run, back of a length on middle, and angling across Dhawan. Shapes up to cut, but the shot finds the fielder at point.
FOUR runs, full and wide, swings hard, and edges it over short third man for four.
SIX runs, round the wicket, and sliding through outside off, Dhawan dances  and clears long-off in a blink! Clattered for six. Welcome to the IPL, son.
SIX runs, full outside off, and that's in Yusuf's arc! Takes a step forward and thumps it over long on. Off the bat's sweet spot, and that's gone 83 metres!.
FOUR runs, short of a length just outside off, backs away and hammers it, flat-batted, over mid-off.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, gets inside the line and slices to third man.
no run, short of a length at leg stump, swishes across the line and is beaten. It clears leg stump.
1 run, full on middle and off, whipped to deep midwicket.
OUT, walks across and tries to heave it over. Had to fetch it from way outside off and playing from that far outside, it's always hard to middle anything. Skews it to the man at the deep backward square leg boundary. Umesh almost oversteps.
FOUR runs, slapped over cover! Full outside off, and just enough width for him to free his arms. Bends his knee, and crackles this over the infield. Delightful.
no run, goes back to being back of a length outside off and the batsman can't connect with the steer. Good carry from that length again.
1 run, yorker, dug out to midwicket. 144.5 kph.
no run, length on off, hurries onto the batsman, who looks to pull it, ends up swatting it back to the bowler, who does well to change direction, dive to his right to stop that.
no run, nearly a yorker again, on middle and leg, this time it is dug out to mid-on.
SIX runs, dug in short and outside off, the batsman gives himself some room and merrily frees his arms. Fiercely flat-batted away over long-off. Bam.
OUT, KW to the rescue! Good length outside off, and the arm ball does the trick. the batsman swings through the line of the ball, but not off the meat of the bat. In the air for ages, and Williamson runs back from midwicket to complete the catch.
1 wide, full and shaping away, again too much drift away from the right-hander. Boundaries can do that to you.
1 run, steps out and punches this length ball to sweeper cover.
no run, hit hard on the up, with an open face, but can't beat the wide mid-off.
1 run, down the wicket, hit hard back at him, and the bowler can't field this clean because it is hit too hard. They take a single off the defelction.
no run, yorker, on off, he digs this out into the off side.
2 runs, fuller on the stumps, hits it towards long-on, a fumble there by the fielder allows the second run.
no run, round the wicket, skims past the top edge as he looks to play square. Some extra bounce.
no run, back of a length outside off, and it's been carved off the back foot to point.
no run, length ball outside off, swinging away as the batsman looks to hit it on the up but misses. An appeal by the bowler for caught-behind but nothing on the UltraEdge.
2 runs, full and angled across, hammered away wide of long-off.
SIX runs, clears long-on. Full on leg stump, in his swining arc and he manages to get just enough bat on the lofted drive.
1 run, length around off, stays back and brings his wrists into play to flick it towards deep square leg.
1 run, good length on off stump, he dabs it behind point.
1 run, a shorter delivery, he hops inside the line and tucks off his hip to deep square. Good start from the bowler.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, drops it into the off side with soft hands and steals a run.
FOUR runs, dragged down short, swift footwork gets himself in good position and he pulls well wide of deep midwicket.
1 wide, another bouncer gone too high. Called wide.
1 run, short and hurled on middle, punched down to long-on.
1 run, full and outside off, drives to mid-off.
1 run, lovely start. A good length delivery on off, the ball pitches and straightens even with his angle. the batsman is squared up, a thick outside edge goes down to third man.
1 run, good length and into leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 run, flighted, and he plays a lofted drive back to the left of Brar, who almost gets to it. Runs away towards long on.
1 run, the batsman walks down the wicket, Sharma slips one down leg. He does well to get bat on it and avoid a stumping.
1 run, full and skidding into leg stump, hangs back and works it away to square leg.
no run, tiny forward stride and he blocks the length delivery back.
1 run, full on off, driven to mid-off and they scamper another single.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, 147ks, dropped to the left of cover for one.
1 run, wrong line, too full and on the pads, worked away behind square.
no run, offcutter, floated full and just outside off. Driven on the front foot, straight to extra cover.
no run, on a length, angling in, pushed to midwicket.
1 run, looks to play a half-sweep to a shortish delivery that drifts in, beaten. Hit on the pad.
1 run, short of length around off, stays back and punches it towards sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, another wide half-volley, the batsman simply opens up his arms and smashes it through extra cover on the up.
1 run, full on leg stump, and would've gone down for a wide. But the batsman chases it, and flicks it to deep square leg.
no run, grips the surface, bounces extra. the batsman slices this punch on the bounce to backward point.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, waits on that and times the cut perfectly. You could see him watch it all the way on and slash it square to beat the sweeper fielder comfortably.
no run, good length and tight at middle stump. Forces him to defend on the front foot.
SIX runs, and he starts with a slog! Full, on leg, and he swings across the line to deposit a maximum over long on.
no run, smell that! the bowler bends his back and digs the ball in at more than 142km/h, the batsman's knees buckling as he ducks to let the bouncer past.
OUT, overpitched, but wide outside off. Too far for Mavi, but he manages to stick his bat out. Takes the toe end, and top-edges it behind the keeper. Bhuvneshwar and Stanlake both try to take the catch, and the Indian gets there first. Does well to ensure he doesn't crash into big Billy S. KKR finish on 138 for 8.
1 run, fuller outside off, goes aerial but doesn't middle it, ends up skying over and behind extra cover, lands between two fielders.
1 run, short and into leg stump. Mistimed pull out to deep square.
1 run, short of good length, cuts into him from outside off and gets an inside edge to the on side.
SIX runs, sealed with a six. Pace on the ball, short into the body, and he plays the pick-up pull over long leg.
no run, bouncer, not too high, he ducks it. Slightly down leg, but not called wide.
no run, back of a length, angled across on a fourth-stump channel, punched into the off side.
no run, back of a length on middle, and nudged off his hips to square leg.
1 run, driven on the up, wide of mid-off, for a single.
no run, nicely bowled. Shifts his line wider, but this one isn't quite as full. Goes for the flat-bat drive and is defeated by outswing and bounce.
no run, yorker, dug out. Another dot.
no run, drags the fuller delivery on off stump to midwicket.
no run, beaten! Picked the googly, looked to run it down but is beaten by sharp turn.
SIX runs, shot that is some peachy timing. DK has found his groove in this innings. Back of a length on the pads, he moves across and effortlessly flicks, carries all the way over deep square leg.
OUT, taken. the batsman gets the front leg into the leg side to set up for the slog. Never a good strategy against the bowler's away drifters. It's going too far away and he gets a thin edge that carries to Buttler. A sensational innings from the batsman ends.
1 run, length and down the leg side, slower ball again, helped along to fine-leg for one.
1 leg bye, length on middle, angled in, the batsman has a swing, misses and gets one on the unmentionables. He looks winded. Break in play as he catches his breath.
SIX runs, six more. A nice symmetry to this over: 6, 1, 6, 1, 6. In the slot again and Harshal drills a lofted drive over the bowler's head. Big hit again.
1 run, length on middle and leg, tucked gently towards deep square to get off the mark.
2 runs, that's his third fifty of the season. Good length outside off, lofted on the up and to long-on's left.
1 wide, bouncer first up, and it is too high. Called wide.
1 run, wide length ball, driven to deep point for one.
no run, length ball on off and pulled off the back foot to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, slower ball on middle and the batsman has the license to go for the kill here, goes down on one knee and slogs it over deep midwicket for a maximum.
1 run, the double shuffle from the batsman again, the bowler bowls short this time, cut away to deep cover.
no run, plays and misses a full toss outside off.
no run, goes full, a yorker, and it's an excellent delivery which the batsman jabs down on with the toe end.
FOUR runs, oh gorgeous! Another picturesque lofted drive to the straight boundary from the batsman. Mid-off was in so there's no risk in this. It's a length ball just outside off, his feet are static and he offers the full face to loft this over the bowler.
2 runs, fuller and quicker around off, stays back and forces it towards deep extra cover, that brace brings up the batsman's fifty - off 49 balls.
FOUR runs, makes room, Umesh follows him but it doesn't matter as the batsman hoicks this over midwicket. Races away to the fence off a mishit.
1 leg bye, another slower one, the batsman once again looks to go over long-on, misses and is hit on the pads, an appeal for lbw by the bowler but you cannot get lbws off free hit, the bowler supports a smile after he realises.
1 run, stands still and tall at the crease, no sign of nerves and cuts the short ball to long-off. Gee, this is a special kid.
1 run, full at middle stump, steps out and squeezes this past extra cover's left hand after yorking himself.
2 runs, slower ball, and it took forever to reach Kishan, who was looking to swing this away towards fine leg. Half-appeal from the bowler, but it did catch the toe-end of the bat, directed at leg stump.
1 run, bunts it into the off side for a quick single to get off the mark.
1 run, nice work. Good length outside off, outside-halved down to third man for a run. Thakur runs to his right and saves three.
1 run, tossed up, very full on the stumps, clipped off his toes to long-on.
FOUR runs, classic the batsman! Length at middle and leg. He falls over into the off side as he gets low, opens up  some room and scoops this to the long leg boundary.
1 run, pushed wide of cover for a single.
1 run, driven away to long-on for a run.
no run, short of a length, no room, 146ks, he opens the face, but point is tight to deny him the single.
no run, length on off stump, tapped back to the bowler off the front foot.
1 run, full, angling in towards off stump, manages to place the drive past the right hand of short extra-cover, but doesn't get enough power on it to beat mid-off moving to his left.
no run, similar length, just backs away and chops his punch back to the bowler as he's cramped for room.
no run, slightly back of a length, too tight to cut and Dhawan misses with an attempted force.
1 run, length at leg stump, sweet timing on the flick but Morris sprints to his right at long-on and keeps it to one.
1 run, full on middle, and that's been swept! Down on one knee, and sent to the man at the fine-leg boundary.
1 run, full and wide outside off, mistimed drive to mid-off.
SIX runs, hooked over short fine! Clever shot. It was a short slower ball, he steps inside the line and helped it on it's way over short fine and it carried all the way! Brilliant batting.
1 run, dances down and lofts it to long off for one more.
FOUR runs, starts down the leg side again, and this time the batsman tickles it away for four. A welcome drink for the batsman at the top of the order.
no run, on a length, no room, punched hard to mid-off.
SIX runs, nothing rushed about this shot, the batsman stepping out to lift a full ball cleanly over wide long on. He was playing against the turn, but kept his balance and pinged it out of the middle.
no run, appeal for lbw as the batsman plays all around a full toss. Luckily there's an inside edge and he made sure to show the ump his bat too. Just in case (which I'm not sure is allowed).
OUT, the bowler has his own back immediately. Slower offcutter, just short of a length, turns back and beats his attempt to dab it square. Top of leg. Look at how much this has turned.
1 run, slower ball, back of a length, on leg stump, the batsman picks all of that up and gently tucks it to square leg.
FOUR runs, nicely bowled but even more nicely played. This is a yorker outside off, but it is not express pace, which gives the batsman the time to go back and open the face on it. He beats short third man with ease.
1 run, almost in the block hole, the batsman slams it down to long off.
no run, beaten on the inside edge. Short and angled in at off stump. He looks to swipe with the angle and a flat bat.
1 run, length ball, on off, and flat-batted to cover. They scamper across for a single and Chennai Super Kings win by eight runs!.
OUT, disaster! Mistimed to midwicket. Full on off, and the batsman looks for the release shot. Attempts to slog it over midwicket, but it's sliced. Easy as ABC for Unadkat.
2 runs, length on leg stump, tucked into the midwicket region with soft hands.
no run, good length and pushed through outside off. Steps out and taps it back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, crunching stroke this! Fires this full and flat on leg stump, the batsman goes down on one knee and sweeps him over square leg. One bounce to the fence. Disdainfully done.
1 run, good length, on the pads, worked to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, a touch fuller this time, outside off, the batsman stays leg side of the ball and frees his arms to loft it over mid-off, and it sails all the way.
1 run, full and straight, driven down to long-on for one.
OUT, got him! the bowler sneaks through the batsman with a googly. He falls over trying to flick without a big stride. It slips through between inside edge and leg, Dhoni picks it up and takes the bails off. It doesn't even need to be sent upstairs. It's going downhill FAST for KKR.
1 wide, length ball but down the leg side, wide this time.
no run, length, angled across towards off, the batsman stays back and defends it back to the bowler.
1 run, swept hard down to backward square, but gathered by the sweeper.
no run, swung away. Looking to go through the line. Full and wide outside off, the batsman throws his hands at the ball, mis-hit to mid-off.
1 run, full and wide outside off, a thick outside edge down to third man for a run.
FOUR runs, too full and a slower ball, the batsman picked that up easily. Waited and drove it crisply through extra cover for a boundary.
1 run, good length at off stump, no turn on that. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
FOUR runs, driven through cover. Nicely done. Shape for Curran, full and away from him, wide outisde off. Opens the face and gets it past extra cover.
no run, punches this straight to Curran at cover point.
1 run, tossed up, outside off, and he punches this towards long off.
1 leg bye, the batsman stretches out for a sweep, this ball from the bowler drifts in and narrowly misses leg stump. Dhoni is beaten as well. Given as a bye.
OUT, taken at mid off! Back of a length, on off, and he backs away to punch. Flies off the bat's top-half, and AB de Villiers holds on. Again they're checking for the no-ball, but the bowler is fine.
1 run, good length on middle, and the batsman slogs towards the leg side. Mistimed to cow corner.
1 run, short and wide outside off this time, stays back and hits it towards sweeper cover, only a single this time.
1 run, yorker just outside off, and dug away towards cover for a walking single.
1 run, full and wide outside off. Flighted and driven to deep extra cover. Mistimed, though.
no run, on a length, just outside off, opens the face, can't beat point.
no run, full and just outside off, looks to drive through the line and is beaten.
1 run, short of a length, straight, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, a fine paddle sweep, slow outside off, a fine tap to short fine leg.
1 run, punches this googly towards deep midwicket.
2 runs, yorker nailed at middle stump, can't do more than jam this to deep midwicket.
1 run, short outside off, the batsman goes back and pulls to long-on for a run.
no run, full and slides in on middle, this non-turner is worked to mid-on.
no run, short of a length just outside off, opens the face and can't get the late cut past slip.
FOUR runs, smart again! Curran has figured batting out tonight, for sure. Now he stays deep in the crease, waits for the full one. It arrives and he's in position to club it over the bowler.
2 runs, overpitched on leg stump, flicked to long-on's right.
1 run, short of a good length in the corridor, opens the face and runs it to third man.
no run, the bowler ius letting 'em rip. Bouncer at 148ks, on top of middle, and he sways out of its line.
OUT, clatters into the stumps and the slower ball takes out the batsman - a duck and 0 for 66 for him in this game.
to Tewatia, 2 runs, good length outside off, neatly driven on the up past mid-off. Long-on sprints across to clean that up.
no run, back of a length outside off, punched to extra-cover.
no run, fuller outside off, the batsman drills down the pitch.
FOUR runs, pushed through outside off, the batsman slashes an inside edge past leg stump, fine of short fine leg.
1 run, full just outside off, and that's been driven off the front foot. Sliding dive at cover stops it from going for four.
no run, length and into leg stump. Runs into the leg side to create some room but is forced to jab that into the covers as it cramps into him.
SIX runs, and the half-chance is followed by a lovely pick-up shot by Parthiv, who uses his wrists and flicks it over fine leg for maximum.
1 run, a low full toss outside off but only a single as Faf hits it towards sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, good length on off, and the batsman pulls it square. Hit off the bat's middle, and manages to clear midwicket by a few feet. No one in the deep.
FOUR runs, though another slower ball, it's fuller and wider this time, and Dhawan smashes it through covers for four.
1 run, full slower ball on leg stump, flicked to midwicket's right.
no run, offbreak, sits up, nearly hit back for a return catch. Falls short.
no run, length on off, pushed back to the bowler.
no run, length on off stump, defended on the front foot to point.
1 run, full on off, and angling into the right-hander. He backs away and carves it towards cover for a run.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to long-off for one.
no run, length outside off, punched to extra cover off the back foot.
no run, flatter, quicker, shorter. Cramps him up.
no run, slow in the air, wide length ball, the batsman gets a bottom edge on the attempted inside-out hit.
no run, tossed up on off, he defends on the front foot.
FOUR runs, shot. Length ball, seam-up and coming in at off stump. Steps out and slaps it through extra cover on the up.
no run, down the track and the bowler spears a full one away from his reach, outside off. Goes hard at it but can only hit it into the pitch and back to the bowler.
no run, pulled but this is an excellent stop by Yusuf at midwicket.
FOUR runs, full toss, wide outside leg stump, and the batsman has no trouble in nudging it fine off his hips for a boundary! Nobody at fine leg, Arshdeep has been very wayward after two exciting deliveries first up.
2 runs, in the air, and a moment of excitement as the ball lobs in the air. Not very well-timed and it lands short of long-off.
2 runs, short of a length outside off, chopped to short third and a misfield from Lungi allows a second.
1 run, on a length, angling in towards top of off, pushed into the covers.
no run, angled into the batsman, almost yorker length, he goes deep in his crease and flicks it to short midwicket.
2 runs, yorker length on leg stump, jammed to deep square's right.
1 run, edged, but it's wide of slip and bounces harmlessly down to third man. the bowler's found some wobble, and a testing length.
2 runs, mistimed drive and Pollard can sprint behind this from mid-off and keep it in. Full toss outside off and it came off the toe-end. Looked like he was a little too eager to get that away.
1 run, flat, back of a length, on off stump, flat-batted to long-off.
no run, short ball and ends up down leg side. the batsman walks down at him again and is forced to leave this.
1 run, slips this in wide and flat, draws a bottom edge on the cut as the batsman has backed away early.
no run, after a two-minute delay, we finally have a ball bowled. It starts outside off, and swings further away. Left alone by the batsman. Close to being called a wide.
FOUR runs, shorter on middle as the batsman steps out and crunches a pull to the left of deep midwicket for another boundary. Mitch McC continues to leak runs in the death.
no run, good length on off, quicker one, jabbed towards midwicket.
3 runs, full and wide outside off, scythes from underneath and clears extra cover.
1 run, much much better. Good length on off, but because he's got all those runs, this is a good result for Sunrisers. Tip and run to cover.
no run, length, and he goes back and tries to play it towards midwicket, but the bowler stops it on his follow-through.
no run, slower ball, the batsman delays his shot, but can't find the gap. Hits this length ball straight to cover.
1 run, good length at off stump, backs away and mistimes a drive to long-off.
FOUR runs, low full-toss outside off, and that brings the batsman's incredible bottom wrist into play. A table-tennis-style whip enables him to pick up a flat one-bounce four to the left of long-on.
1 run, heaved from just outside off to deep midwicket off the back foot.
no run, length at off stump, closes the face for the flick, gets a leading edge towards mid-off.
2 runs, slower ball, good length on off stump. Gets forward and tucks delicately into vacant midwicket to steal two.
no run, full outside off, swept straight to short fine.
SIX runs, clobbered Moeen frees his arms to the ball spinning into him, picks it up from outside off and swats it high over long-on.
1 run, flat length ball, takes the leading edge for a single to long-off.
FOUR runs, pulled behind square to beat Washington at fine leg. Too much pace to work with, easy pickings.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, slapped away to sweeper cover.
no run, length ball on off stump, a bit of nip back in to tuck up the batsman. He dabs it gently to the off side of the pitch and takes off looking for the quick single. the bowler moves quickly in his follow-through, picks up and throws at the batsman's end and misses. Would have been comfortably out if he had hit, despite the desperate dive. Really didn't judge that at all.
1 wide, length, down the leg side, and will be called wide as it turns further down leg.
no run, there, much better! More of that. A yorker to end the over, and the batsman digs it out to cover.
no run, full on off, presses forward and bunts it to mid-off.
OUT, plumb! the batsman is gone! the bowler has put the fear truly into Wankhede now! It's a full ball on middle. the batsman plants the front leg across and tries to flick behind square. He's not good enough to do that. There is no doubt in this one.
1 run, googly, good length at middle stump. Watchfully pushed into the covers with an open face.
no run, quicker, fuller, on off, pushed to short cover again.
1 run, slower ball outside off, the batsman clips it to long-on. Didn't read it and didn't time it well.
no run, another wrong 'un around middle and leg, driven to mid-off.
1 run, back of a length on middle stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, makes room to cut this, but NCN has a deep cover in place to keep them to one.
no run, fuller outside off, punched to cover.
no run, beaten on the inside edge. Short of a length and sliding into the corridor. He was cutting for the one that turns.
OUT, Gayle unsure at first slip if he's taken this. Faf driving on the up against an outswinger gets a thick edge. Soft signal is out. Gayle went weirdly at this - with a reverse cup with his right hand and a normal catching position with his other hand! Goes low to his left and it looks like he's managed it no conclusive evidence to overturn this. Faf is gone! Superb bowling finally rewarded.
no run, length on off, de Plessis goes right back and defends safely.
2 runs, full outside off, driven to extra cover's right with the turn. Long-off cleans up.
OUT, that looks plumb. It's given. And Lynn tells the batsman that's not worth the review. Hardik starts with a slower ball that floats up full and at middle stump. the batsman doesn't pick and is beaten as he looks to flick this. Caught dead in front of middle.
SIX runs, toe-ended, but over extra cover! Full outside off, but the batsman's done hanging about. Gets to the pitch of the ball, and clatters this offcutter over the boundary-line. Crowd erupts!.
no run, length outside off, cut away to cover-point.
SIX runs, pulled over midwicket! This slower ball sat up, he was ready and whacked it flat over deep midwicket.
no run, looks for the slog, gets an outside edge, and doesn't even get the single because short third is charging in.
FOUR runs, full toss and now the match is in Mumbai's pocket. flicked away down to fine leg, it was an absolute freebie.
1 run, bottom-handed punch down to long on.
1 run, looks like the wrist-spun delivery, but it is a full toss and has been driven to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, short ball, pulled out to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, smashed to the cover boundary off the back foot.
no run, a dipping full toss on the leg stump, the batsman goes for the slog sweep and misses, an appeal for lbw but denied. Replays show the impact might have been outside leg was on the leg stump but since it hit him on the full, the projected path shows it would have missed the leg stump by some distance.
no run, beaten. Short and across the corridor and skidding rapidly underneath the attempted cut.
FOUR runs, oh gorgeous. Full and just outside off, leans in to reach the pitch and goes inside-out to chip this over extra cover. Nahhhhh, says Dhoni, presumably about the bowler's length.
no run, length on off, pushed back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, steps out and hits this straight back over the bowler's head. Manufactured the length by going over, hit it very well.
FOUR runs, dropped short at off stump, backs into the leg side and slams this pull over midwicket.One bounce before finding the boundary.
1 run, lashes the googly, because it's short and spins away outside off, to the sweeper.
SIX runs, that's outta here! Full, not fast enough on middle, and he clears his front leg to hammer a six over the bowler's head. This guy can bat.
no run, short and wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, slower ball just outside off, closes the face and gets a leading edge through the covers.
2 runs, flat length ball turning in towards middle stump, worked away to the right of deep square leg.
FOUR runs, hello, rocket man! What power, what timing. Another full one outside off, and the batsman goes deep into his crease before hammering a shot through the covers. Nobody bothered moving.
OUT, slower ball, taken at deep square leg. the bowler strikes immediately on return and he's got rid of the dangerman. Moeen was looking to whip it with his wrists over the boundary again, but the lack of pace means he ends up mis-timing it, and it lobs up to deep square leg for an easy catch.
SIX runs, pitched up on off, right in the slot for the batsman. He gets underneath the length and hoists it over long-on for six.
1 run, slapped over the infield, on the bounce to deep extra cover.
no run, short and wide outside off, looks to cut and is beaten on the outside edge.
OUT, 132 kph, the batsman chops on! Wow, that was a struggle from the batsman, 3 off 9. Full and wide, the batsman unwinds and swings, but all he manages is a thick inside edge which hits middle and leg stump.
1 run, length ball on middle, and punched to cover. They're going for the single anyway, and the throw from the fielder does not get a direct-hit.
1 run, tossed outside off, eased down to long-off.
no run, good length and sliding into leg stump. Punched down the pitch.
FOUR runs, googly and short of a length outside off, gets deep in the crease and slashes it firmly past point.
2 runs, guided past backward point for two. Full and wide, dabbed past point for two.
no run, looks to slog across the line. Offcutter. Beats him. Hits the pad. Headed down leg.
OUT, inside edge and the batsman goes early! length on middle, jagged back in a little as the batsman went for an expansive drive on the up, extra bounce on offer for the tall the bowler, cut the batsman in half, took the inside edge on the way to the keeper.
1 run, full on middle and leg, clips it through square leg.
FOUR runs, banged in short on middle, rushes a hook, top-edged over the keeper for the third boundary of the over.
1 run, back of length angling into middle and leg, worked off his hip to deep midwicket.
1 run, good length and into the corridor. Punched in extra cover's direction and they pinch a run.
1 run, full, outside off, driven crisply, but straight to mid-off. He takes the risky single, and makes it.
SIX runs, this is the batsman unleashed. Waited, held his shape and belted this short ball over the deep square leg fence. This one not as big as some of the others, but doesn't matter.  This is his 10th six this season. Only Russell has more sixes in an innings this season .
no run, over the wicket, good length, pushed to cover.
SIX runs, not smart. A quick bouncer on a slow pitch with the fine leg up. You want to bounce them? Get the field first. The top edge sails over short fine leg for six.
no run, short outside off, beaten for pace and late on the pull.
OUT, loud appeal for lbw, the finger goes up late and Rohit is walking! That was slightly full on middle, it had the angle with it and Rohit missed it while targeting the leg side, to be struck on the front pad. There were two sounds but the bat probably hit the pad, and Rohit looks at de Kock but doesn't review it. Was it going down leg, though?.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven to long-off.
1 run, slower ball, outside off, punched away to deep cover.
no run, beaten. Shuffles into the off side against this back of a length ball and has a swipe as it climbs over the outside edge.
OUT, got him! Dream ball from the bowler! Outswinger - not a big one, just enough to beat the bat as the batsman looks to flick this from a middle and leg line. Climbs up and tonks middle. the batsman completely out of shape.
1 wide, good length and down leg side, walks at it and can't get the flick going.
no run, length, angled across, shuffles across and blocks back.
FOUR runs, ramped over short fine again. Low full toss outside off, skips into the line and it's easy work for him from there.
no run, slower ball again, full outside off, forcing the batsman to reach at it. Looks to lift this inside-out over cove, but he doesn't pick the knuckle ball well. Ball stays very low.
1 run, good length on off stump, tapped to long-off's left off the back foot.
no run, down the wicket to turn this into a length ball and drive straight of Morris at mid-off but they won't get a single because Karthik is on the ground trying to get out of the way of the shot.
no run, good length at middle, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, fullish outside off, punched down to long-off.
FOUR runs, seam-up short ball on off stump, Suryakumar sizes it up and pulls flat and hard over midwicket. Bam!.
1 run, slower ball, dug in short of a length at middle stump. Walks down at it and drags the pull to deep midwicket.
1 run, short ball, gets big on him, and the pull goes towards long-on instead of midwicket, which is what he intends.
no run, big across-the-line mow, beaten. Played too early.
no run, walks across towards off and tries to flick across the line, wears it on the pad as it drops into the covers. Impact outside off.
1 wide, length, quick at the body, but slips down the leg side.
1 run, back of a length, angling into him, the batsman wanted to punch it, edges on to pad and it rolls into the offside for a single.
1 run, length at middle stump, gets deep and clips to deep midwicket.
OUT, lbw appeal given. Two sounds on it. the batsman runs the timer out and decides not to review. it's a quick googly outside off, he's on the front foot for the block. He's beaten on the inside edge and is right in front of off and middle. No question on the line there. And seemingly no edge on that.
FOUR runs, short of length on the stumps once again, goes for the pull but gets an inside edge once more, just evades the stumps and runs towards the fine-leg boundary.
no run, length and curving away in the corridor, defended with a closed face.
1 run, stays wide, hiding the ball from their hits, gives just the single to deep cover.
1 run, slower ball, worked off the pads towards deep backward square to keep the strike.
no run, length outside off, chopped away to point.
1 run, fuller ball, towards the pads, and he goes back and dabs this towards square leg.
no run, yorker, dug out into his own toe and then back to the bowler.
SIX runs, the batsman's decided I want a slice of this pie. Takes a full toss around waist high and nails it over deep midwicket.
1 run, legbreak outside off, driven with the spin into the covers.
FOUR runs, swept fiercely! Faf has well and truly got his eye in now, and he bends low to get himself in the perfect position to swat a sweep out to deep square.
nan
no run, inswinger from the bowler, on a good length, the batsman flicks and falls over. He wears it on the pad but this is heading down the leg side. Sharp first over from the bowler.
2 runs, short ball outside off, pulls it between long-on and deep midwicket.
no run, length on the pads, looks to sweep and can't connect.
1 run, bunts this into the off side from the crease for a quick single.
1 run, into the blockhole perfectly, squeezed on the bounce over the bowler's head, Kohli comes hustling in from long-off to keep it to a single.
SIX runs, lovely hit. Too late? the bowler bowls on-pace, 131ks, full, in the slot, and he is drilled flat over long-off.
1 run, length outside off, the googly, the batsman waits for it to come to him, opens the face and steers it to short third-man.
no run, on a length and outside off, presses forward and bunts to extra cover.
no run, big lbw appeal as the batsman is trapped on the front foot looking to defend. Might have been going down leg, this inswinger. They don't think of the review. He was struck in front of middle and leg.
no run, good length and slight turn away in the corridor. Punches off the back foot and gets a thick outside edge to point.
no run, fullish just outside off, and he prods forward to drive. Hit to mid-off.
FOUR runs, delicate little glide past the diving Arshdeep at short third man. Played it really, really late.
SIX runs, swept over deep midwicket! Slower ball at a good length outside, just hangs on a touch to wait on it and then gets the perfect timing on it. That is difficult on this pitch. Sweet hit.
1 run, he is sweeping everything. Pitched up outside off but the batsman plants his long leg across and sweeps.
1 run, whipped from outside off to long-on. Lovely wristwork from the batsman.
1 run, full outside off, pushed to long-off.
to Pant, no run, short of a length, not much room outside off, punched to extra cover.
1 run, good length and sliding on at middle stump, deep in the crease and pushed into vacant midwicket.
1 run, tosses this up, on the pads, and he flogs this down to long on.
1 run, full, just outside off, and the batsman slaps this inside-out over cover. Warner takes the catch at long off but that's a free hit. Mayank survives.
no run, short of a length outside off, cut into the off side.
OUT, picks out Hardik at deep midwicket picked it up from wide of off stump and wanted to send it several rows back, but there's no pace on the ball and he ends up getting height but not the distance. Hardik back-pedals and takes it, and is careful to not step over the boundary rope.
1 run, good length and sliding in at middle. Onto the back foot to punch to long-on.
SIX runs, short again, but this time it's outside off, on around a fifth-stump line. This might be deliberate from Hardik, to try and get him to miscue the pull. the batsman goes for it, uses his bottom hand to control it as much as possible while meeting it at shoulder height and dragging it from outside off stump. Still makes a good enough connection for it to carry all the way over the midwicket boundary.
1 run, short of length outside off, slapped to deep cover.
no run, short ball in the corridor. Jabs at it away from the body and is beaten.
no run, on a length, outside off, 144ks, he shuffles across and defends.
1 run, length ball, the batsman is once again looking to create some room and hit through the off side, Ishant once again follows him, dabbed towards cover-point in the end.
1 run, quick length ball, middle and leg, pushed into the leg side for one.
(no ball) 3 byes, off stump goes for a vacation, but the bowler's overstepped! Rahul knows it though. He tells MIller to get over his shock and run off to the other end. So in the end, a super fast length ball that the left-hander plays all across and gets bowled may actually turn out to be useful for the batting team.
no run, googly at a length outside off, tapped into the off side on the front foot.
SIX runs, finished in style! Stunning feat of beast-mode batting, clobbered violently into the midwicket stands, and the Royals have stolen a critical march on Mumbai in the battle for the play-offs .
no run, back of a length on off stump, blocked back to the bowler.
no run, down the wicket, the bowler pulls the length back, draws out a defensive shot.
no run, another slower one, Dhawan skips down the track and hits it towards extra cover.
SIX runs, tossed up outside off, not sure if that was a googly, the batsman stretches out and slugs a sweep over midwicket.
no run, short, and he looks to whip this through covers, but cannot beat short cover.
1 run, shapes up for the slog, the bowler keeps the length away from it. He aborts, and pushes this down the ground for one.
OUT, and there ends the batsman's underwhelming stay. Full and angled across, and that drift does him in as he skews it in the air off the outside of the bat with Ashwin is waiting under it at extra cover.
no run, googly! Good length outside off, and spins into the batsman's pads. Punched towards midwicket.
no run, flat to start off. On middle stump, and the batsman defends it back to the bowler.
1 run, back of a length and angling away just a shade outside off, possibly a slower ball, the batsman waits on it before dabbing it to the leg side with soft hands.
1 run, Faf gets away. The second time he has tried a slog sweep against the turn of a big spinner. The top edge falls short of deep midwicket. Very lucky to get away with it.
2 runs, slow and on length outside off, the batsman waits for it to turn and then cuts it past point for one.
no run, full and straight, almost yorker length, homing into him, turned off his toes to midwicket.
1 run, full on middle, and driven down the ground to long off. They walk across for the single, and what an excellent final over from the bowler! Is this the last of the bowler for IPL 2018, I wonder.
no run, slower ball, full and wide outside off, and the batsman swings and misses, looking for the long-off boundary. Looked tight, but the umpire decides not to signal wide. Good last over from Mavi, stuck to his plan despite bowling all those wides, and found his rhythm in the end.
1 run, goes back to work this length ball into the leg side.
SIX runs, pumps him straight! Doesn't allow this wrong'un to turn. Jumps out to the pitch of it and uses his reach to cart that.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, runs off the outside edge for a single to third man.
FOUR runs, short of a length just outside off, shapes for the cut and has to check his shot as this grips in the pitch. Just chips it square, over point, and that's enough.
1 run, full and into the pads, pushed straight to midwicket and he steals a run.
1 run, short of length outside off, the batsman plays tennis-like forehand towards midwicket, only a single there.
1 run, too short again and the batsman wanted to pull that between long-on and deep midwicket but didn't get the placement right and long-on collects.
no run, pulls out the reverse sweep to a fuller ball, and misses. Hits him outside the line.
no run, full on middle and leg, and the batsman misses the straight drive. Hits his front leg, and that's a big appeal for lbw! Turned down by the umpire, and CSK choose not to review. May have gone down the leg side .
1 leg bye, straight offbreak, turning down leg, the batsman happy with a leg-bye.
no run, chops this into the off side as he shaped to cut, cramped for room.
1 wide, yorker, but goes down the leg side. No margin for error on the on side, remember.
1 leg bye, pinned him deep in the crease and the lbw appeal is turned down. Warner reluctantly reviews. Good length, middle and leg it appeared to pitch. Turning into the batsman who is struck in front of leg stump trying to flick. Ball tracking has the pitching outside leg. The review is lost.
1 run, dropped by the bowler! Was hit really hard though, but he doesn't show the pain. Smiles it off. Full on off, and the batsman drills it straight to the bowler. He managed to get it with both hands, but the ball just pops out. Difficult chance.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, and the batsman flicks this off his pads to deep backward square. Twenty-one runs off the over but importantly, the batsman's on strike. Can KKR breach 200?.
no run, beaten on the cut. the bowler goes to the diagonal run up between umpire and stumps. He's still over the wicket. Short of a length and climbing away from him.
no run, massive but equally ridiculous lbw shout. And they will even review it. I have seen it all. This is a legbreak from round the wicket that has hit him in front. It has to pitch outside leg unless some physics is on leave. It isn't. A review wasted.
1 run, on a length and spins away a wee bit, tip and run to cover.
no run, wide, short of a length, left alone. Just inside the tram line.
no run, good length and just outside off, pushed into the covers on the up.
1 run, full, driven through cover for one.
nan
FOUR runs, lofted straight again. Long-off is out. He gets forward to this full ball and hits it a little leg side of him.
OUT, smashed to deep midwicket! Picks out the fielder. A short delivery on off, swatted away to Hardik, who keeps his eyes on it and takes a good reverse-cupped catch. It's Sunrisers' second-lowest IPL total ever.
1 run, slow dipping full toss on middle, reaches out and flicks to deep square.
OUT, bashes the front pad this time. When they were looking for swing, he bowled across them. Now he has drawn the batsman across twice, and has bowled the late inswinger to trap him in front. In an otherwise powerful attack, when you can't afford to see the bowler off, this guy is a menace. And he is shrewd to go with his skills.
FOUR runs, whipped away! Outrageous. Short ball outside off, drops his weight into the off side and uses his wrists to get this behind square.
no run, hits the hard length at 130 clicks, just around off, defended again.
no run, full slower ball wide outside off, steps out and into the leg side to make room for himself. Is forced to chuck his hands at that and get it off the under-edge.
no run, length ball in at middle stump. Nudges it back to the bowler from the crease.
1 run, drifting into middle and off, he drives to long on.
no run, full and angling across off, the batsman pokes it back to the bowler.
1 run, short of a length again, this time angling into middle stump. Stops on the batsman a little and he waits for it to arrive and punches to long-on.
2 runs, shorter length, he works this off the back foot nicely behind square and stretches the man on the rope.
1 run, the batsman swings hard, doesn't get all of it, will take a single to deep midwicket.
1 run, low yorker outside off, big heave ends up at deep midwicket off the thick inside edge.
SIX runs, length, and he whips this one towards midwicket, and just clears the fence. Good shot!.
1 run, punched to mid-on for a quick single.
OUT, finds long-on. Knuckle ball on a length at off stump. Gets under it and puts in a clean swing. But it's off the low part of the bat.
1 run, the bowler thinks he has got bat on it. Iyer thinks he's fine. But the third umpire is called on. Full outside off, christian belts a drive right back at the bowler, who sticks out his right hand. The ball bursts through the fingers and hits the stump at the bowler's end, but Iyer's bat is in.
OUT, Dhawan falls off the last delivery of the Powerplay! Tossed up on off, turning away from Dhawan, and his attempted sweep has taken a top-edge. Easiest of catches for short fine leg as the Powerplay comes to an end.
1 run, short of length around off, the batsman gets it from the middle of the bat this time but cannot find a gap, a single to deep midwicket.
1 run, length on middle as he backs away and hangs his bat out but somehow finds the middle and gets a single to deep point.
no run, full and in at middle stump, defended down the pitch.
1 run, at the stumps and punched down to long-on.
no run, goes back to pivot on the back foot and tucks the ball to mid on.
1 run, length, slower outside off, and he punches this away a little wide of cover.
no run, finds the outside edge with turn ad bounce from middle and leg as the ball trickles away into the off side.
no run, fired full on the stumps, turned to the leg side.
no run, offbreak, too full, patted back.
FOUR runs, back of a length, wide outside off, and  the batsman flat-bats a pull through to the wide long-on boundary! the bowler tries for the slower short ball, but Hardik was up for the challenge. What timing!.
1 run, can't get much off the free hit, as he is hit on the inside half of the bat on the slog.
FOUR runs, teases the bowler by foxing him into thinking he may come down the track but in reality just backs away to a slower delivery and slaps it away through point.
no run, slower short ball at leg stump, looks to pull and cops it on the body.
no run, yorker just outside off, backs away and looks to slice behind point. Can't get it off the pitch.
no run, fizzing legbreak that beats the batsman's tentative forward push. It's all happening in Uppal!.
no run, full on off stump, and the batsman fends it off the front foot.
2 runs, long hop, but with the bowler bowling a slow pace, it sticks in the wicket and the batsman, for once, doesn't do well delaying his shot, those milliseconds result in a loss of power and balance. Finds square leg on the boundary.
1 run, fine leg is up so Dhawan shuffles across, but the bowler stays wide with this short-of-a-lenght ball. Just the single to deep square leg.
1 run, length ball around off, nips away slightly and finds an outside edge to third man.
FOUR runs, crunched away. Slower length ball, outside off, he stays beside the line and punches this on the up. Neither long-off nor deep cover has a chance of cutting this off. Fifty for the batsman.
no run, a full, wide delivery outside off, the batsman looks to drive through the line but jabs it back.
no run, short of a length and coming in at the corridor. Watchfully left alone.
no run, tossed up outside off, the batsman reaches out for a drive and inside-edges it back onto the pads.
OUT, length ball angling into off stump, and the bowler has taken out the dangerman. Wasn't so much the ball that did it. the batsman whips away a good-looking pick-up shot, times it really well, but ends up hitting it within the range of Thakur at deep square leg. Thakur had to do quite a bit of work to sprint to his right and then complete the catch on the slide.
no run, slider from around the stumps, Dhawan defends from the crease.
1 run, floated up full and on the stumps, nudged into the legside for a quick single.
no run, fullish, movement into him in the air, punched off the front foot to cover.
1 run, good length otuside off, steps out and punches to sweeper.
1 run, back of a length on middle stump, punched to deep midwicket with a  pretty much straight bat.
1 wide, slips this short and wide outside off, the batsman looks to reach out to slap that behind point but misses. Wide called.
2 runs, good length outside off, swiped to long-on's right.
FOUR runs, just the start he had against Daredevils at this ground earlier in the season. He played the same shot against Nadeem and didn't look back. A flat delivery outside off, chipped over cover for four. Too good.
FOUR runs, now he goes full and angles it in, and the batsman backs away and carves a drive through the covers. This is splendid batting.
no run, better delivery. On a length, on off, holding its line. Defended with an open face.
no run, length ball, stump to stump, the batsman is watchful.
no run, walks across to a wide one and lets it go. But it's deemed fine.
1 run, short of length outside off, cuts it hard but straight towards sweeper cover.
1 run, makes room to go into the short side, doesn't nail it, deep point keeps the ball in.
FOUR runs, picks the gap. Fetches the pull from outside off, split the gap between square leg and short fine.
(no ball) 1 run, no ball, direct hit, overthrows! Length ball, wide outside off, and he guides to short third man. Fielder from there takes aim at the stumps, and the direct hit at the batsman's end ricochets towards short fine leg. They scamper across for a single, and that's the batsman's fifty!.
no run, full, on off, punched to mid-off. This is at 154ks.
1 run, fuller, slower, and he guides this towards square leg. There's a shy at the stumps at the non-striker's end, but the fielder misses out on the direct hit.
1 run, googly, short of a length and outside off. Punched to long-off.
no run, shortish, backs away and slaps it to cover. Rahane sets off for a single and has to be sent back.
1 wide, good length outside off, but too wide. Slides across the batsman.
FOUR runs, clubbed disdainful almost. Stepped away to give himself room, the bowler bowled another wrong un, which merely meant he had room to free his arms and he clobbered it through extra cover.
2 runs, slow outside off, another punch from the back foot. This is to wide long-off, and two. Breaks the single sequence off the bowler.
1 run, tossed outside off, driven through the covers.
1 run, good length and sliding into the corridor. Tapped on the up to long-on.
no run, googly that spins back in sharply from outside off, defended to cover.
no run, length around off, comes forward and pushes it towards covers.
no run, short of a length in the corridor, defended to point off the back foot.
1 run, thick inside edge to the keeper, but de Grandhomme risks the run and hares across. Saha's underarm flick hits the striker's end direct but he's in.
1 run, yorker outside off, steered to short third man for one.
no run, goes back and across to work this through midwicket, but this hits him high on the bat and rolls back to the bowler.
1 run, good stop from Goswami. Another slower ball outside off, tapped away towards the keeper, who dives to his right and stops three.
OUT, that looks plumb on first viewing. the batsman reviews this lbw, hoping it's spinning past leg stump. He's down for a sweep and struck on the knee roll, right in front of middle stump. It's definitely pitched in line. Ultra Edge confirms no bat on it. And before ball tracking is even ready, the batsman has seen enough and is walking towards the dugout because that is dead in front. Pitching in line, hitting middle stump. Three reds. the bowler is pointing happily to someone in the dugout. Snuck past the sweep and now the squeeze is well and truly on.
FOUR runs, jabbed wide of slip after being beaten in flight. Pushes on the front foot and then follow it with his hands as it spins away.
1 run, full, on off, driven with an open face to deep cover for one.
no run, defends solidly to cover.
1 run, on middle, and turns it off the back foot to the midwicket region. Calls early for the single.
no run, length ball, outside off, and he slogs at it, and is beaten by the slowness off the surface.
1 run, good length just outside off, and he punches down the ground to long off.
FOUR runs, he steps outside off and paddle scoops just over short fine! Brave shot. It was full and well wide of off, he stepped back and across inside the line to flick it over short fine and he got enough of it! It wasn't perfectly executed but he did well enough.
1 run, full on leg, and he drills a leg-side clip to the sweeper-fielder at cow corner. Keeps the strike.
FOUR runs, drilled down the ground past the diving mid-on fielder. Too full and QDK was waiting for it.
no run, 142.7ks wide yorker outside off, the batsman shows his ace early and backs away. Dre Russ spears it past the reach of the batsman.
OUT, knocks the top of off! the batsman playing down the wrong line. Need to watch this closely, because he's very far away from this. Surprisingly far away. Slow-mos show it was just a good length ball, nice upright seam, aimed to go across him. No  movement on that, but for some reason the batsman is down leg, bringing the bat down angled towards midwicket and playing outside leg stump.
no run, wide yorker to the batsman as he makes room and then stretches to reach out for it, can't get there.
1 run, tip and run to point. 13 off the first over.
1 run, slower short ball, wide outside off. Subdued cut, on the bounce to backward point.
OUT, he's picked out deep midwicket. And the bowler is pumped! That was a googly that the batsman picked as soon as it was released because of the line - it was down leg. So the batsman cleared his front leg and looked to smash that over midwicket, but he did not get underneath it well enough. All he did was pick out the fielder.
no run, fuller around off, comes forward and pushes it towards covers.
2 runs, heaves and gets a thick inside edge towards deep midwicket.
no run, quicker, seam-up, beats him on the drive outside off.
2 runs, full toss, quick, ow, hit straight to extra cover. Sharma feels the pinch. Takes the risk of a direct hit. the batsman is alert. He doesn't over-run. Comes back for the overthrow.
1 run, length on off stump, pushed through mid-off on the up.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, drives it towards long-on and is off the mark.
no run, full and straight, 140ks, defended back to Tyagi.
SIX runs, dragged down outside off, the batsman ventures deep in the crease and clubs a pull over the midwicket boundary. Pinged off the middle of the bat.
1 run, cramps him up with a short ball, a limp pulls manages to just clear midwicket. Miller thinks about diving, but decides it is too far out of his reach.
no run, short of a length outside off, punched on the up to cover.
FOUR runs, over the off side. Slower ball, dropped short of a length and wide outside off. Adjusts after being beaten off the pitch. Slices it over point and gets it into the boundary padding on the bounce.
1 run, yorker outside off, squeezed away past point for one.
1 run, back of a length on off, but too close to Dhawan's body for the cut. Sliced to the off side.
1 run, smashed back with incredible power straight over the bowler, but long-off runs in and collects on the bounce. Great work from Miller. the batsman thought it was a boundary and only set off for a run late.
OUT, picks Samad out at deep backward square! Oh he watched that so closely into his hands. Short ball at middle stump, on the front foot to pull. Samad doesn't have to move a lot. Makes a strong base, brings out the reverse cup and holds on. Camera cuts to Muralitharan in the dugout mouthing good catch as he looks sheepishly at the people around him.
no run, quicker ball, full on middle stump. the batsman defends off the front foot and sees the over out.
no run, back of a length and wide outside off, the batsman slashes and misses.
1 run, another slower ball, cramps Faf up, and he takes another single.
no run, full and straight, 103ks, pushed back to him.
1 run, short of a length, whipped to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, sliding fuller one, driven down to long-on.
nan
no run, full and straight, driven to cover.
no run, flat and wide, the batsman tries an open-faced dab but misses.
1 run, pushed wide of the diving Patel to his left.
FOUR runs, full on leg, and he flicks this off his toes past Khaleel at fine leg! On the bounce for four.
OUT, wide, short of a length, the batsman tries to go for the upper-cut, but the lack of pace means he can't time it well. Caught at square third man by Thakur, but not on the first attempt.
no run, lifts his foot to save his toes! There are peculiarities on offer every time the batsman is out in the middle, but this one is new. A yorker headed for his foot and he just lifts it. It slides through between the boot and leg stump.
no run, short and into the mid-riff as he looks to pull this incoming ball.
1 run, another slower ball. Short and wide outside off, cut straight to sweeper cover.
1 run, short of a length, just a flick but it nearly carries to the fielder at deep square leg. Heavy bat.
no run, flighted full outside off, and the batsman defends off the front foot towards the off side.
no run, short of length outside off, looks to pull it over wide long-on, doesn't time it and the ball rolls towards long-on. Refuses the single again.
1 run, good length outside off, swept firmly to deep midwicket's right.
FOUR runs, clears mid-off, and it is a tall man too. Down the wicket, and slaps this down the ground but not with great elevation. Nortje leaps at mid-off, but it just six inches too high.
FOUR runs, first boundary off the bowler. He loks for a slow wrong'un, but pitches up a half-volley. So it doesn't matter which way it is turning. Dhawan has drilled this straight of long-off.
1 run, checks the pull. Short outside off, might have rolled his fingers on this. Chipped safely into the vacant midwicket region.
OUT, finally someone takes a catch. A huge come on is belted out by someone. Short of a length, quick, nearing 150ks, and de Villiers is hurried into the pull. The top edge goes higher than the ring-of-fire lights, but Dhawan settles under it and takes it. And then comes out the thigh-five.
1 run, the batsman backs away so the bowler follows him. Full outside leg, and the batsman can't drag it towards the leg side. Hits the handle of his bat, and the bat goes flying! They take the single though.
OUT, bowled him! Went for the sweep, premeditated, exposed his stumps, and that's a terrible idea against a wicket-to-wicket the bowler, who thrives on batsmen trying to hit him across the line, especially with the new ball that slides on.
no run, pitches on a length and spins away from the right hander sharply. Surya was looking to slap it into the offside, but pulls his bat out and has a look on his face almost as if the ball has personally insulted him.
FOUR runs, top edge clears the keeper and Delhi Capitals will get two shots at the final. Short ball across the corridor, looks for the pull again but that is too high for him.
no run, full on middle, and this has been picked off his toes towards the leg side. Played to midwicket, but yet another dot.
no run, tries the reverse sweep but is beaten.
1 run, yorker on off, and the drive takes the bat's outside edge. It's running down to third man, but the fielders gets behind the ball.
no run, the googly down leg, ricochets off the pad into the leg side.
no run, slower ball, wide outside off. DK winds up to hit it straight, but the pace (or lack of it) does him in. Under edges it to Kishan. Hardik asks him to hold on to the ball.
1 run, googly, short and into leg stump. Whipped to deep square.
no run, reverse-swept to point, played a touch too early and gave away his intentions.
no run, on a length, swinging away, punched to mid-off.
FOUR runs, oh and he's outwitted him after all! Actually steps across this time for the ramp. Lungi has tried to curb that the last few balls. Doesn't this time and he's lost the battle again. Coz this is short of a length, heading right into QDK's body and he gently nudges that to the fine leg boundary.
1 wide, too wide thinks the umpire, he's gotta bowl that again.
no run, length at the stumps, tapped into the leg side with the angle.
1 run, worked down to long-on.
FOUR runs, half-tracker sliding into leg stump from round the stumps, the batsman sizes it up and sweeps it away past short fine leg. Easy peasy.
1 run, swift ball, jags into him and he tries to get the whip through midwicket going. It hurries on to him, and he inside-edges this one into his body. They switch ends with some good running.
1 run, pulls the length ball a little, is punched to mid-off for one.
SIX runs, see ya! Only takes a few hits to get into the match, this guy. Been a bit of a struggle in the last two games, but he's begun nailing them. Offcutter on a length at off stump, makes room and clubs it over long-on.
no run, slower ball at a length, wide outside off. Steps into the line and looks to blitz it over midwicket. Beaten.
1 run, works this slower length ball to deep square.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on's right.
1 run, and he's surprised him with a short one there. 146 kph, coming into him. the batsman sways out of the way but gets bat on it to push it to cover.
no run, backs away and plays a slower ball outside off stump towards short cover.
FOUR runs, lifted past mid-off. A length ball in at middle stump, clears the front leg, offers the full face and lofts it between bowler and mid-off.
1 run, high backlift as he punches this length ball to long-on.
no run, loops it up on off stump, the batsman goes for a hard-handed push and the ball nearly ends up back in the bowler's hands.
no run, short ball that gets up sharply and quickly, the batsman tries to pull but it's just too quick for him.
no run, back of a length and skids back in, cramps the batsman for room, turned away to the leg side.
1 run, full ball on the stumps, makes room and drills it to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, lifts it over short third. Once again he's unsettled under the short one, but this one is dug in really short so there's time. The width helps too. He just guides it over the infield.
1 run, another slower short ball. Hooks and connects this time, but straight to Jadeja at deep midwicket.
1 run, nearly offers a return catch! Short ball, gripped and turned, he was early into the pull and ended up getting a bit of a leading edge back to the bowler.
1 wide, full and very wide outside off. the bowler got some swing on that one too.
1 run, looks for the slog sweep, the bowler keeps the length short of the slot. Concedes just the single to deep midwicket.
1 run, length on middle stump, punched to long-on.
no run, down the wicket, Mavi shortens the length, and he drives this into the wicket at the non-striker's end.
FOUR runs, backs away and punches this length ball on the up between cover and mid-off. Lovely timing.
2 runs, back of a length on off, nudged away towards midwicket, the batsman calls for two and makes it. Well placed, well run.
2 runs, slower ball on off, nipping in, he comes on the front foot and uses his wrists to turn it to deep midwicket.
no run, slower length ball, punched to extra cover at the edge of the ring.
1 run, googly, back of a length outside off. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
no run, goes for a mow, played too early and missed. Hit high on the right thigh.
FOUR runs, a high full toss this time, on the stumps and the batsman finds another four, this time pulls it between the two fielders at deep square leg and deep midwicket.
no run, slower short ball, loopily passes by his shoulder, and he decides to not have a go at it.
1 run, length outside off, opens the face and pushes it to point's right.
SIX runs, oh, dear! Another relatively high full toss. He's just lucky that wasn't over waist-height or this over could have yet become worse. Heaved away off the hips over backward square leg.
1 run, pushes outside the line, gets a thick inside edge towards fine leg.
no run, back of a length on off stump, the batsman blocks with an open face.
1 run, full and wide outside off. the batsman's forced to reach at it, and drags the shot to midwicket.
1 run, slammed past the bowler who couldn't get a hand on this catch attempt. Slower short ball outside off, flat-batted to long-off's left.
1 run, top work from Mandeep at point, diving to his left to stop a cut shot that might rival a bazooka for power.
1 run, short of a length, sitting up nicely, pulled one-bounce to deep midwicket.
no run, good length and swung into the corridor. Punched on the rise to mid-on's left.
no run, back of a length on middle, and the batsman ducks under this. Looks across to the square-leg umpire for the wide, but not given!.
no run, saw the batsman looking to shuffle across his stumps there. He was targeting the fine leg region, and the bowler bowled a slow armer that slid past the attempted sweep and missed leg stump.
FOUR runs, lashes it behind point. This is ball-striking of the highest quality. No premeditation. Superb balance at the crease. And all round the park. Take this shot: it's a length ball outside off, the kind they let go in Test cricket, but he steps forward and plays the most glorious square drive.
1 run, direct hit at the non-striker's end as Mayank stretches. Good length and just outside off, a crisp punch on the rise to Udana's left at mid-off. He picks up cleanly and swivels to hit the stumps but the bat is grounded.
1 run, slider, outside off, punched to long-off.
no run, length on middle and leg, the batsman hops back into the crease and defends into the leg side.
FOUR runs, just clears cover. the batsman backing away at this short ball, has got this cut off the toe-end. It loops over the infield. Lucky.
1 run, full just outside off, and nicely driven straight down the ground. the bowler gets his hands behind the ball, but it ricochets towards mid off. They jog across for one.
OUT, the batsman is not only out to a skier he refuses to cross. This is ordinary bating. Digging a hole with slow strike before trying the slow sweep against the turn off the bowler. The big top edge goes straight up for a mile and settles with Pant.
no run, tossed up from round the wicket and tapped away.
no run, length on off stump, blocked on the front foot.
1 run, another inside edge onto boot as he looks to bludgeon this over midwicket. Another googly. Full and just outside off.
1 run, full on off, and the googly spins inwards. Worked off his pads to the leg side.
OUT, bounces him out! Hostile stuff! the batsman has shown he is outrageously good at dispatching anything in his half out of the park. So makes perfect sense to test him with the short ball. And Mavi's really quick too. Gets it to come up towards his throat. the batsman shuffles inside the line and tries to fend it away to fine leg. Only gloves it through to the keeper.
1 run, good length outside off, and angling into Hardik. That allows him to pull to deep midwicket.
1 run, is this the legbreak? Or might just be the old-fashioned carrom ball. Short of a length, outside off, just the single down the ground.
no run, full slower ball, wide outside off. Mistimed drive to extra cover.
no run, past the edge. With a cutter. Gets him forward in the corridor and past the bat.
no run, good length and nipping back in from outside off, 143kph. Shuffles and gets in line. Defended off the inside half.
1 run, too full, and driven to long-on for one.
no run, the batsman makes room, but the bowler pulls his length back and follows him to stop the shot.
OUT, The short ball finally works for the bowler and Mumbai. Chest-high ball on middle, tucks the batsman up for room. He still goes for the pull, hits it well, but picks out Bumrah at short fine leg.
no run, full on middle stump, clears the front leg and miscues his slog. Trickles low to midwicket's right.
1 run, low full toss on off stump, the batsman whips it to deep midwicket.
no run, full and just outside off, well forward to defend into the covers.
1 run, back of a length outside off, the batsman opens the bat face and guides that down to third man for a run.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length on leg stump. Swiped to deep square's left.
FOUR runs, sweet timing. Length ball wide outside off. Reaches out and just caresses that to mid-off's left.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut firmly to sweeper's right.
1 run, googly, tossed up on off stump, spinning into the right-hander. the batsman lunges forward to block and finds a single through midwicket.
FOUR runs, too short and room outside off, the batsman cuts it past point.
1 run, short ball outside off, pulled along the floor to deep square.
no run, finds the yorker and Prabhsimran is only able to steer it to cover. Rahul, at the non-strkers', is desperate to regain the strike but he has to be sent back.
FOUR runs, and the batsman doesn't have a negative bone in his body. Dreamy as ever. This is short of a length, not too wide, and he has punched this through extra cover. All hands.
1 run, length at the stumps, punched down to long-on.
no run, good length and into the corridor, defended down the pitch.
FOUR runs, picks the googly this time, gets inside the line early, is waiting for the turn, and then laps it fine for four. Nobody behind square on the leg side.
no run, good length and just outside off, guided into the covers off the front foot.
FOUR runs, slower bouncer. Sits up. Hooked square of deep midwicket for four more. Mumbai have turned this around.
SIX runs, the best of the lot. Lovely to watch. Groovy. the bowler goes wide, trying to avoid his arc, but he reaches for it, and goes inside-out over extra cover. Sweet as.
OUT, the bowler strikes at last! Gets it full, and uproots the batsman's middle stump, as he backs away and looks to go inside out. That was fast, accurate, and perfect. A smile from the bowler, and a little shake of the hand with the vanquished opponent. Good to see.
to Iyer, FOUR runs, and he picks this same gap bu shuffling across to convert this length ball into a straight ball. He has taken this from outside off, and clipped it behind square on the leg side.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and he once again guides this delivery off the back foot to third man for one.
1 wide, short again, and a wide down the leg side.
no run, THREE DOTS! Full again outside off, pushed to cover. Not exactly the T20 way, to bat so cautiously in the Powerplay.
no run, the bowler gets a hand on this one, good job he did! Short of a length outside off, flat-batted straight down the pitch.
no run, slower short ball outside off, floats past him long after he's had a pull at that. Tough bounce for QDK who manages to gather anyway.
OUT, ANOTHER ONE! the bowler bangs this into the pitch, and the batsman goes for a rather ungainly swipe across the line. Gets the outside edge and it goes up towards point, where Hardik Pandya was never going to drop this one.
1 run, short of a length outside off, opens the face and runs it to short third man.
FOUR runs, three in a row! He's toying with the bowler a little, the bowler straightens his line, but it's on the hip and gets pulled backward of square.
no run, the batsman winds up for a big hit, but sees this is wide, and leaves it alone.
1 run, punched down to long-off for one.
no run, yorker at leg stump, can't do more than push that down the pitch.
1 run, shuffles across and whips a single to long-on.
no run, steered with the spin to point.
FOUR runs, oh lovely. As good as the Dhawan punch earlier in the night. Short of a length, outside off, and he drives it on the up, past extra cover.
1 run, slower ball, full, middle and leg, driven to long-on for one.
no run, good length on middle stump, defended off the back foot.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, whipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower ball, nearly a yorker, outside leg as he is making room. Pushed into the covers for one.
no run, beaten three times in a row! Good length and bounces outside off, Rohit hangs his bat out and gets away again.
2 runs, offcutter at a length on off stump. Steps out and flicks uppishly to long-on.
SIX runs, the error is that it's full. The line hardly matters in new-age T20s. It's full and wide, the batsman gets underneath the length and pummels a lofted drive over cover. Another very big hit.
FOUR runs, chopped to the point boundary for his second fifty of the season. Short ball outside off, waits on it, makes room and makes sure to get it well behind square.
OUT, short ball that bounces uncomfortably in front of him. Tries to fetch a pull and gets a top-edge that settles into the hands of midwicket.
1 run, length on off stump, tapped to mid-off from deep in the crease.
no run, yorker, 14k7kph, at off stump. Tapped into the off side off the toe-end.
1 run, full just outside off, and he leans into the cover drive. Pushed into the gap on the off side to get off the mark.
no run, makes some room to a back of a length delivery and deftly opens the face to drop it to short third man.
1 run, fuller, angles into him, and he plays this towards square leg with soft hands.
2 runs, googly on off stump, the batsman cuts to the sweeper.
1 run, full and angled in, the batsman walks across and tucks it away.
2 runs, sees the full ball drifting into the pads and so he goes down low to sweep the ball to fine leg.
no run, short and just outside off, cut to short third.
no run, too full and sneaks from underneath the bat as he reaches out for it.
no run, looks for the reverse lap, gave away his intention too early. missed it.
1 run, wide length ball, driven on the up, wide of deep cover, but Maxwell shouts loud and early to say there is no two here.
1 run, taps a length delivery into point.
no run, doesn't want to overdo it, so he blocks a full delivery just to show he can.
1 wide, wide on the crease, full, angling in, drilled to the left of long-on, and Boult puts in the dive to save two runs. Oh sorry, they run just the one. So three runs saved.
no run, rising outside off with some inviting width, but Dhawan cuts over the top of it, bottom edging the ball hard into the turf.
1 run, yorker, or just a couple of inches off one. Hit down to long-on for one.
no run, length ball around off, goes for the cut but not enough room, chops it into the ground.
FOUR runs, length, and he stays back and pulls this in front of square. All the way for four! Bad choice of length, especially with a slip in place.
no run, misses the outside edge! Full on off stump, but it's the flipper this time. Zips on after pitching, and DK defends down the wrong line. Smartly taken by the keeper.
no run, on a length, angling in, defended back to him.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 run, length ball on middle, and gently tapped into the vacant region near midwicket. the bowler gives the ball a chase to stop the second run, and does so successfully. Timeout.
no run, skids one back in from wide of the crease, defended.
1 run, length ball that cuts in from outside off, shuffles across and flicks to midwicket.
OUT, good catch by Maxwell! He's hit that well, but he's met the ball too early. the batsman came charging at the bowler but it was an offcutter. So the batsman was through the shot a fraction of a second earlier than he would have liked. Therefore, the ball met the bat with its bat face already pointing up. That means the ball will always go higher up than further back. Hangs in the air for a long time. Maxwell takes a good reverse-cupped catch.
no run, toe crusher on leg stump, but the batsman does well to get his feet out of the ball's way, and defends with soft hands.
1 run, lucky to get away with that tripe delivery. De Kock rocks back and pulls this to deep midwicket.
1 run, googly, short of a length and into leg stump, pulled to deep midwicket.
no run, good length outside off, punched crisply to extra cover.
no run, good length on off but too close to his body for the cut. Comes off the bat's top half and towards point.
FOUR runs, swiped past short third. Set up for the switch hit and this was short enough that he could wait outside off and get it fine of that fielder off the back foot.
no run, good length on off stump, pushed back to the bowler with the turn.
no run, googly from wide of the crease around the wicket. Axar picks it and blocks into the off side.
no run, waist-high full toss on leg stump, and the batsman uses the all the power he has to bunt it towards cow corner. Protection there though.
1 run, short at middle stump, pulled to deep square's left.
FOUR runs, oh welcome back! Straight into the poetry, is the batsman. Short ball up at off stump and he's got the body in perfect position -  eyes above the ball, base firm - and hooked this along the floor to get this blazing to long leg's left.
1 run, punched hard to extra cover for one.
1 run, looks for the ramp, sees the short ball, keeps his stance and looks to pull. Is done in by the slower delivery, and is hit on the helmet.
no run, on a length, slight seam/cut away from leg stump. Squares him up a little. Pushes this back to him.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, guided to third man.
no run, wrong'un, starts around middle and off, played with an open face, but straight to the fielder at point.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched to extra cover's right.
FOUR runs, lofted with the spin, clean strike inside-out to the sweeper cover boundary. Lovely timing.
no run, good length just outside off, pushed into the covers on the up.
FOUR runs, welcome back, KW. The square drive, his best shot by far. Length outside off, he leans in and opens the face late to get this to backward point's left.
no run, down on one knee, an ambitious sweep and a huge appeal! They are tempted to have a look, and yep, here we go, it's a review! It's Buttler, so it's worth the gamble, though it did look optimistic. Going to have to be smashing leg to be overturned  nope, it's missing leg!.
1 run, slower ball, he drives to mid off and goes with the stroke, Iyer fields and fires and hits but the batsman is well home. They check upstairs but he was well in.
1 run, length, sliding outside off. Mistimed punch cleaned up by a straight mid-off fielder.
1 run, squeezes this yorker-length delivery to long-on.
2 runs, wide length ball, the batsman is on the walk and he pushes this past point for two.
1 run, slower ball again, and he has lofted this towards long on. Morris comes across to cut it off.
no run, good length, but wide outside off. Tries to cut but misses.
SIX runs, young and free-flowing This is an overpitched ball slanted into his pad and he just picks it up, and times it to send a long back over square leg.
no run, that fielder at deep square leg went more towards midwicket after the last shot, and this time he wants to go to the right of that man by shuffling across and playing a bit of a ramp. Beaten outside off and hit on the pad.
no run, length ball, just outside off, and the ball seams inwards. the batsman shapes up to punch straight, but the ball goes past his outside edge.
1 run, good length just outside off, drags his leg-side slog to cow corner this time. They walk across for the single.
1 run, good length on off. the batsman goes onto the back foot, and comfortably knocks it towards square leg.
1 run, good length and onto the pads, whipped to long leg off the back foot.
FOUR runs, a misfield, and another boundary. Shorter, faster on off, goes back and punches to the left of cover, where the fielder puts in a lazy effort.
1 run, works this off his pads to the man coming in from wide long-on.
1 run, back of a length and spins away outside off, skewed off to the leg side.
no run, fullish length, looped up around off, defended back.
no run, looks to make room to cut but can't beat cover-point.
no run, length ball, at the pads, the batsman looks to swing hard, but is beaten and hit on the pad. Pitched outside.
no run, cracked hard to mid off, but Pollard is in that position and there's no run to be had. Another dot.
2 wide, wide down the leg side, and also beats Bairstow. Tried the front-of-the-hand quick ball.
FOUR runs, slog sweep. the batsman keeps swinging. Between deep square and deep midwicket. Along the ground.
no run, googly on off, turns back in, the batsman watches it closely onto his bat and pats it back.
1 run, too full outside off, the batsman carves it away to deep point.
1 run, good length on middle stump, taps it to mid-on.
1 run, good length outside off, but angling into the batsman. He tiptoes and glances it towards point. Nice, early call for the single.
1 run, this one spins in from a length and the batsman punches to long-off.
1 run, full and outside off, driven through the line to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, swatted away! Not connected too well, but this is the batsman, and this is the norm. Clears the ropes easily. Short ball into the body and he gets the slog out quickly.
no run, defended back to the bowler, played this after it spun away.
SIX runs, the batsman's rules are simple: you have got Rabada, Ashwin, Axar, please bring them back on. I am not going to let the bowler and Deshpande bowl. Gets under a length ball and goes smack over long-on.
to AB, no run, on-pace full toss, 143ks, de Villiers is done in for pace. Mis-hits this to extra cover.
FOUR runs, more and more width. Slower ball outside off, 123ks, sits up to be hit, Dhawan reads the change-up and threads the gap. Punched between backward point and the covers.
FOUR runs, shot. The pressure was mounting on the batsman, and he finds a way to the boundary. the bowler was getting a little predictable with his length and angle in from wide of the crease, and the batsman just jumped across his stumps and used that angle to scoop the ball over short fine leg.
no run, back of a length and outside off, short-arm jabbed to midwicket.
no run, he cramps the batsman up again. And he is looking only for singles. And this time Uthappa is sharp at point.
1 run, tossed up wide of off, reaches out with an open face to steer it to the right of backward point.
1 run, good length, just outside off. Looks to pull but that slides on straight. Inside edge onto boot for a single in the covers.
1 run, slower ball, short, and he plays it down towards long leg with a roll of hte wrists.
2 runs, Mavi bluffs him. Bowls the short ball. the batsman pulls it down towards deep midwicket where a misfield lets them come back for two. Still a good last over.
1 run, length ball coming in a little and flicked off his hips to deep square leg.
no run, slower short ball outside off, mistimed cut to extra cover.
2 runs, back of a length on off, and the pull along the ground finds deep backward square. Enough time to take the second.
1 run, short of a length again, inside edge, just short and wide of the keeper. That is the fifty. He flashes the big smile and The Boss sign on the back of his bat. And this time it is written the right way, and not upside-down.
no run, wide on the crease, full, into the pads, driven straight to short midwicket.
no run, length down leg side, looks to paddle and miscues. It trickles to short fine.
1 run, short and turning away outside off. Waits on that a long time before dragging a check-pull out to deep midwicket.
1 run, good length outside off, jabbed into the covers on the front foot.
no run, length on off, the batsman pushes it to point.
1 run, back of a length on middle stump, whipped away to the leg side for one more.
SIX runs, tossed outside off, the batsman steps down the track, meets the pitch, and hoists it over long-on.
SIX runs, tournament's best bowler: take that. the batsman has walloped this length ball into the change rooms at deep midwicket. Clean, clean strike. Superb picking of length, hit the middle of the bat. Sailed away. Wow.
no run, the same ball outside off, the batsman attempts the same stroke with the same result, beaten outside off stump on the slog sweep.
1 run, short and pushed a long way across, slapped away to sweeper cover.
2 runs, thrown wide, and he scoops this high and wide towards backward point. Siraj tracks back and somehow keeps it back in. They pick up two.
no run, slips in a yorker-length delivery across the batsman, who can't reach out to squeeze this awa.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, opens the face, straight to short extra.
1 run, good length outside off, and the batsman rocks back to flay this cut to the man in the deep.
1 run, slugged down to long on, and the batsman keeps the strike.
SIX runs, the batsman continues slogging. That is so good to see. And good intentions bring good results. He has slogged this full all the way over the leaping Curran at long-on.
FOUR runs, the batsman gets an inside edge and that beats short fine leg. He is shuffling right across the wicket, and for a moment the bowler must have thought the lbw is in play. The edge, though, dashes all his hopes.
FOUR runs, length ball on off, and he rocks back to pull over midwicket. Lands just before the fielder at cow corner, and goes into the boundary on the bounce.
1 run, length outside off, comes forward and pushes it towards the right of third man.
1 run, on a length, outside off, holds its line, dropped into the offside for one.
SIX runs, what a strike! He stares down a 147 kph length ball and smacks it straight down the ground. Absolute class!.
(no ball) SIX runs, Make it four. Range hitting at its best. the batsman goes deep into the crease, sets up a strong base, and murders another length ball. This one is straight back over his head. Twenty-five off three legal deliveries. Make it 26 off two legal deliveries as this is another no-ball. Man this game is cruel. Another free hit coming up.
OUT, tonks off stump with a slower ball! Lockie is dragging KKR back into this with every over. It's a legcutter release but the ball slides in from a good length. the batsman was backing into the leg side after being tucked at his body. Wanted to open some room and chop behind square but that was both too full and at a completely changed pace. Superb from the bowler.
FOUR runs, length ball around off, the batsman clears his front leg and clubs it over midwicket, gets four.
OUT, picks out deep midwicket. CSK are having something of a slide on the end opposite to Watson's. It's a half-tracker from the bowler. Which is smart of him, because that's how you get wickets in the IPL if you're a spinner now. Sits up nicely on middle stump and he slaps it, flat, to Stokes in the deep.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched off the back foot to sweeper cover.
1 run, yorker, down the leg side, runs off the inside edge for one.
FOUR runs, full-toss angling down leg. It's the attempted yorker, it's dipping late, and the batsman doesn't really know much about it, but he plays a blind flick at it, and gets a little tickle on it - or not - onto his pad, and the ball runs away to the fine leg boundary to bring up victory.
SIX runs, short and angling away, the batsman reaches out to upper cut that over third man. What a way to bring up his half-century, his 37th in IPL. Both feet were off the ground as he swiped at that.
no run, width offered again, but this time Suryakumar can't time it well. Too wide, actually, and therefore his cut finds the bat's toe end. Krishna will feel relieved .
no run, carrom ball on a length, pushed towards extra cover from the front foot.
1 run, on a length, angling in, worked to square leg.
no run, very short outside off, and had the width to be sent over point. But just the extra pace does Manish in. Can't get bat to ball.
1 run, length ball outside off, perhaps just a hint of movement away, opens the face down to third man.
1 run, turn here. Nice turn. Short ball, Gaekwad looks to pull but the turn makes sure he can't hit this where he wants it. Gets a single to deep midwicket.
1 run, pitched up and outside off, the batsman presses forward and drives with the wrists to wide long-on.
no run, length just outside off, tapped back to the bowler on the up.
1 run, on a length, quick, into the body, pushed towards mid-on for one.
1 run, full, on off, off the inside edge for a single for short fine.
1 run, leans into the on-the-up drive sending the length ball outside off to the sweeper.
no run, tossed up at off stump, driven back to the bowler.
no run, length ball on the stumps, the batsman is really struggling here with his timing, backs away to pull it, inside-edges it on to his pads.
no run, length outside off, Hardik has a swing but misses it by the proverbial mile.
FOUR runs, short, and he has looked to go through the onside with a whip. Takes the top edge, and flies over short third man, and goes through one-bounce for four. Lucky the batsman!.
1 leg bye, too quick for Quinton, at 146 kph. Length ball on middle and leg, he was looking to smash it over midwicket. It thuds into pad and rolls towards gully.
1 run, full outside off, overpitched, crunching drive from Rohit but straight to cover.
1 run, length and skiddy in the corridor outside off. Poked to extra cover's left on the front foot.
no run, flighted outside off, Umesh looks to hit it away but gets beaten, Dhoni whips off the bails but Umesh's back foot was always grounded behind the line.
1 run, short outside off, and fended off the back foot towards the off side. They jog across for the single.
1 run, length outside off, punched to sweeper off the back foot.
no run, shorter length, wide of off, he cuts straight to point.
1 run, speared in at his pads again, and this time the batsman finds space with a flick into the leg side.
1 run, tossed up on off stump, and he steers this towards point and takes a quick single.
1 run, slow turn back in from off stump, punched to long on.
no run, short and going across middle stump, defended to midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, advances down the ground and gets no elevation as he chips it one-bounce to long-on off the toe-end.
OUT, the bowler gets his own back. Another slower ball, on a length, Samad looks to go over long-on, but gets a massive edge for extra cover to take a skier.
SIX runs, stand and deliver! Stays in his crease, frees his arms through a full delivery outside off, lofts it over cover/wide long-off.
no run, full outside off, the batsman turns the face a little early looking to work it to the on side, gets a thick outside edge to short third-man.
1 run, yorker on middle, that all the batsman can do is work it towards cow corner. Gets Sharma on strike.
no run, yorker, and just outside off. the batsman tries to open his bat's face, to run it down fine, but misses completely! That's zero off seven balls for the batsman.
FOUR runs, full toss on middle stump, and the batsman's leg-side slog goes behind square. No one there, and the batsman earns another boundary.
FOUR runs, full on off, the batsman lofts it over the bowler's head for four. It was overpitched but what a shot to get off the mark.
1 run, opens the face and runs the short delivery to third man.
no run, nice legbreak, middle and leg, turning back in to crap him up. Hits his pad.
1 run, dropped by the bowler! He swung hard getting it off the toe of the bat, it flew low back at the bowler, he got both hands to it but it burst through for a single.
SIX runs, floated up on off, Thala the batsman stretches out and smokes another slog-sweep over the midwicket boundary. Three sixes in four balls.
1 run, full outside off, looks to drill through the covers. Gets it down to long-off.
4 byes, Kishan's horror day behind the stumps continues. Predictably, the batsman gets a bouncer. It's well directed and has him ducking, but Kishan parries it over.
OUT, Dhawan looks for the revere sweep, but the bowler beats him with a quick full toss and he has been given out lbw. It seems he has been hit outside the line but he doesn't bother reviewing. Hit well outside the line but Dhawan doesn't even look at his non-striker to check if he should review.
1 run, skidding in from wide of the crease, jabbed to wide long-on.
1 run, tossed up outside off, defended towards cover. the batsman labours to the other end, but makes his ground despite a direct hit.
no run, on a length, around off, opens the face on it. Can't get it past point. Early signs that the pitch is slow as they have time to play these length balls off the back foot.
1 run, full on off, and the batsman takes a big stride forward to drive to wide long on. He'll keep strike.
1 run, the batsman uses his feet, meets a full-toss, and splices it over the bowler's head.
no run, full and wide outside off, beaten on the attempted drive.
2 runs, legcutter, on a length, outside off, the batsman uses soft hands to place it into the off side and comes back for two.
no run, short on off, and he tries to hook it over square leg. Misses, and the ball goes through to MSD. the batsman looks at the umpire for a wide, but nope.
2 runs, width and he flays this through point, down to the boundary rider.
1 run, short of a length, slower ball, punched to midwicket, where a misfield gets CSK a single.
2 runs, short of a length ball on leg stump, whipped to deep square.
1 wide, full and wide outside off. Beaten on the drive.
OUT, they've prised him out with the googly! Big, big wicket. He's off on a victory lap. Dhawan at a wide slip takes a smart catch. This is a googly that comes back in from length outside off, he goes for a hard cut shot but gets a thick outside edge. Dhawan's reflexes simply superb.
no run, appeal for caught behind and it's given, only the batsman's gone for the review. This is another wrong 'un. Pitches outside off and spins even further away. And yet the batsman tries to slog it over the leg side. That's why he gets nothing on the ball. And so it's not out. Not a wide either, which is surprising.
1 run, low full toss again, down the leg side, dug out to deep midwicket for one. They have missed out on three straight full tosses.
1 run, short of a length, 137ks, gets dome width, looks to cut, but it gets big on him, and he gets a bottom edge for a single.
1 run, slower ball with ample width, slapped away to point.
FOUR runs, maybe this is why Dhawan didn't want that single. Disimisses this shortish delivery through midwicket for four. Lovely pull.
1 run, full on middle stump, and Kohl tries to whip this over midwicket. Takes the leading edge and goes to cover instead. Lucky.
no run, gets inside the line, and is beaten on the leg side. Good umpiring to not call it a wide even though he has missed the leg stump.
no run, full on the pads, holds in the surface a little, clipped straight to midwicket without any timing.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut firmly to sweeper cover.
no run, back of a length on off, 143.3ks, no room at all, jabbed back to the bowler.
2 runs, launches it over extra cover, but with his weight leaning back, he doesn't quite timing it and that allows long-off the chance to catch up with the ball.
FOUR runs, full, but wide outside off. This time the batsman expected the line, and carves it over cover! Properly muscled over cover.
FOUR runs, that's four more. A leg-side back of a length ball and the batsman just turns around and places it through fine leg.
no run, another leave from the big man as the bowler hits a good length while darting the ball across the left-hander.
1 run, too full on leg stump, and dug away to midwicket. They sprint for the first, but Stokes says 'no' to the second.
1 run, low full toss wide outside off, mistimed slog to long-on's right.
no run, quick high full toss at 143ks, and the batsman is asking for a no-ball. I think this is just before the waist. De Kock does well to collect it as it bounces well in front of him.
no run, short and just outside off, punched straight to backward point off the back foot.
FOUR runs, smart batting. Short of a length, outside off, sits in the surface, but Dhawan does enough with his upper-cut to clear short third man.
1 run, short of a length, pushed towards mid-on with soft hands for a single.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length, punched to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, yorker, and this is straighter than the last lbw appeal, but seems he has toe-ended this into his boot. He also gets the single to retain strike.
FOUR runs, short and outside off - the buffet ball in all forms of cricket - and Parthiv wallops it over midwicket.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, decent pace of 136ks, defended to point.
1 run, not afraid to flight it at all. Tossed up on off, but comfortably driven to long off for a walking single.
1 run, works this down to long-on.
no run, sees the flight, looks to slog again but lost his shape. In doing so, the backfoot was up in the air Smart grab from Saha, and he whips the bails off, but was the foot plonked back? Difficult decision for the third umpire. Just grounded I reckon. Very close.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, full and fast outside off, drilled down to long-off on the front foot.
2 runs, legcutter, full, outside off, placed in front of deep cover for two.
2 runs, through the slip region. Slip has gone out after two balls. the bowler is known to swing it and get the edges, but this is the the game. Full and just outside off. Looks to drive and it's a thick edge. Third man does superbly to his right with the slide.
no run, no room, right on target on off stump and Yuvaj defends it on off.
FOUR runs, past backward point's jump. Full and wide outside off. Reaches out and chops at that. Nadeem stretches high to his left with both hands and only manages a fingertip on it.
1 run, full and flat outside off, hit hard to long off.
1 run, short of a length, straight, worked away to long leg for one.
1 run, short ball, pulled into the ground for a single.
1 run, walks across the stumps and wrists this full delivery down to long on.
no run, flatter but turning sharply, beating the batsman as he defends off the back foot.
1 run, the batsman skips down the track, the bowler pulls the length back, punched down to long-off for one.
no run, fair play! Full on off, and that was drilled straight into the non-striker's stumps. The umpire wants a replay in case the non-striker is run out, but the bowler says he hasn't touched the ball. Good to see.
2 runs, another yorker, but the batsman goes deep into the crease and opens the face to get a couple square of deep cover.
no run, length on off, defended back to the bowler from the crease.
1 run, good length on off. It's the googly that angles into the batsman's body. Does well to punch it down the ground to long off.
no run, looks to reverse-sweep first ball, is beaten and the bowler appeals for leg-before. Pitched outside what would have been leg stump but does the batsman give up that right when he switches?.
FOUR runs, offcutter outside off, but just too wide this time. He shuffles across to the off side, and cuts it in the gap. Deep point does well to get to the ball, but just can't parry it back.
no run, and again. Swing movement and bounce. Faf at it again away from the body, can't get a touch.
2 runs, full on off, and worked off his toes to deep midwicket. Played with gentle hands, and that means they can easily jog back for the second.
no run, full and just outside off, there for the drive and he nails it but straight to extra cover.
FOUR runs, shot! Fully in control of this pull shot. The last one had gone slightly lower on the bat, this is right off the middle. Goes deep in his crease and goes bang to the midwicket boundary.
FOUR runs, the batsman moves early. Tyagi thinks he has bowled a decent yorker. Just short of a yorker, but by no means a half-volley. On off. So the batsman has to dig it out, but he digs it out with such power and with that tree turn in his hands. It rolls all the way to the extra-cover fence.
1 run, full outside off, the batsman walks down and pushes to mid-off for a quick single. Almost in sync. Rohit can't prevent one.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, and that man at deep cover doesn't have to move an inch.
2 runs, he sweeps off the top edge and it flies over square leg and lands safely for a couple.
no run, short at middle stump, defended off the back foot.
1 run, pitched up on middle and off, driven down to long-off.
FOUR runs, beautiful. The perfect inside-out drive. Full on middle, jumps down to meet it at the pitch, opens the body just enough to make room, gets his angles perfect and gets it wide of long-off.
FOUR runs, first boundary for the batsman. Off an outside edge. Krishna bowls a wide length ball, out of his reach as he is standing his ground. Edge goes fine of short third. the batsman shouts YES, and punches the air.
1 run, short of a length, on the pads, worked away for a single.
2 runs, that's another mistake from Sran. He's having a shocker. Short and wide outside off, slapped to wide long-off. Finch returns the throw at the bowler's end, at an awkward height. He misses the collection with Iyer well outside his crease. Big error.
no run, full on off stump, knocks it down towards mid-on.
2 runs, good length and into the pads, nudged to deep square off the inside edge.
no run, length ball wide outside off, looks to sweep but this turns away massively and he's beaten.
1 run, another fast legbreak, goes back and pulls it towards midwicket, once again the ball hurries on to the batsman.
no run, shorter and angling in on middle, hangs back and turns to the leg side.
1 run, punches this back of length delivery to deep point.
no run, a round-house swing at thin air! Good lift off the deck. Well then, this is living up to the billing already!.
no run, good length on off stump, and slightly shaping into the batsman's body. Fended off the back foot with soft hands.
no run, defends this full delivery to short cover.
no run, for some reason, the bowler starts off with an offcutter. Trying to play with the mind of someone expecting one in the ribs. No feet. Beaten outside off.
nan
1 run, length-ball legbreak, played square on the leg side for one.
1 run, the batsman feigns to back away outside leg, Mohit isn't perturbed, nails an off-stump yorker, squeezed past him.
SIX runs, dropped at deep midwicket, this time it's Tiwary, waiting on the edge of the boundary, having very little room to manoeuvre. That makes him nervous and that makes him lose it. Yusuf lives to swing across the line again.
no run, drip and turn, rolls back off a thick inside edge. the batsman was looking to drive.
2 runs, really full on off stump, not quite a yorker, the batsman clears his front leg and belts it ram-rod straight, so much so it hits the stumps at the other end. They get a single and finish with 182 for 3.
1 wide, oerpitched and down leg side, can't connect on the flick.
2 runs, slower ball, on a length, driven in front of deep cover. Another brace.
1 run, back of a length, pulls it away towards midwicket and sets off for a quick single. Direct hit at the striker's end but Williamson has dragged his bat well inside.
1 run, on a length, outside off, driven on the up, gets a single to deep cover.
1 run, low full toss at middle stump, miscued reverse sweep and a half chance with their running but Natarajan can't collect cleanly at short third.
1 run, tossed up full on middle and leg. Rohit comes down the wicket and drives past the non-striker. Almost a caught-and-bowled chance for the bowler first up.
OUT, edged and taken! This is lovely bowling. Set him up perfectly for this dismissal. First there was the awayswinger, then the inswinger, and then the one that swings away again. the batsman pushes forward with hard hands and gets a thick edge to Watson at first slip. Terrific start for CSK.
1 run, length, angles across him, he clears his front leg out of the way and whacks this straight down towards long off.
no run, good length on off stump, defended on the front foot.
no run, back of a length on middle and off, punched to mid-off.
SIX runs, and again! Same ball, same shot, same result. If anything, he hit this one even better. It didn't go as high, but travelled further.
FOUR runs, slower ball, and he gets a hold of it and swings it away towards backward square leg. A game effort from the fielder at deep midwicket, but he cannot keep it inside.
no run, he gets nothing. Quick length ball, the batsman is looking to play this down the ground, but gets an inside edge into the pad. No room here.
2 leg byes, length on leg stump, pushes at it, deflected fine off the pad.
OUT, fast, straight, and he defends this. Paul has come halfway down the track at the other end, and the bowler gets to the ball, and throws the stumps down at the non-striker's end. Paul was still halfway down the pitch! Hard to say if there was a single there or not, but Paul was definitely not communicating well enough.
FOUR runs, oh that's unfortunate for the bowler. Good length and rears up a bit, he's left jabbing at it late, it takes the glove and goes for an inside-edged four to fine leg.
no run, full and just outside off, sweetly timed drive, straight to mid-off.
no run, short of a length, no room, defended.
OUT, full, and he has swung this towards long on, where Hardik comes forward and takes a good, low catch. This was a useful resistance from the batsman and Axar, but he had no option but to go for it, with the run rate required catching up to 21.
no run, full and straight, can't get it through the field and nails his drive too well as it reaches mid-off too quickly for a single.
1 run, a low full toss around off, the batsman hits it towards deep midwicket but doesn't get the timing right, one bounce to the fielder.
2 runs, smashed down to long-off. A slower ball is hammered back past the bowler. the bowler sticks out his right hand, but the ball flies past. Pollard throws to the batsman's end, but he's fine.
no run, bowls it quick and flat, but once it hits the deck, some of the pace comes off and Dhawan ends up being too early on the reverse sweep.
FOUR runs, short outside off, but stays really low! the batsman adjusts well though, and drags his pull to the square-leg boundary. Crunched!.
no run, good length and sliding onto middle stump. Looks the open the face on that and is hurried. Defends into the covers.
no run, full, wide, in the blockhole, the batsman jams the bat down and makes no contact.
no run, quick and straight, pushed back to the bowler.
SIX runs, good length on off, but Sharma's in some mood tonight! Stands tall, and ramps it over third man! Pure timing.
1 run, length ball outside off, punched to deep cover. There were some possible 'hit me' balls but it ends up as a great over for Royals.
SIX runs, full toss on middle, a low full toss, not the easiest to hit out of the ground but he goes low down, which allows him to get under it and club it away over long-on.
SIX runs, half-tracker on off, and that's been pulled over deep midwicket! Just goes deep into his crease and launches this onto the leg side.
1 run, short outside off, slashed away towards third-man on the bounce for a single.
SIX runs, the batsman toying around with the bowler now. Now he walks down at a slower ball, delays his swing a touch and lofts him over wide long-on.
4 leg byes, there it is, CSK are through to their eighth IPL final. Another bouncer, angling into the left ribcage. Steps across and fends at it, gets just enough on it to beat Pant throwing himself to his left behind the wicket.
1 leg bye, nipping into him from a length outside off, he wanted to work it away but it takes the thigh pad and rolls to short third man. Dhawan charges for a quick single.
OUT, will the bowler review that? Appeals for the leg before but the signal is four off the bat. Yes, he goes for it. Another legbreak from the bowler. Floats it up just enough to entice the batsman to get down and sweep. There is absolutely no bat involved, which seemed pretty obvious to start off. UltraEdge confirms it, and three reds on Hawkeye as ball crashes into off-stump. Good review. the bowler was super-confident of that and you could see why. That seemed pretty plumb from the outset.
2 runs, low full toss, nearly a yorker, kept out.
FOUR runs, short of length outside off, some room outside off, the batsman goes back and cuts it past backward point to end the over with a boundary, still just six from it.
2 runs, faster one, skidder on leg stump, and flicked fine to fine leg.
2 runs, full and straight, flicked away in the air, gets two to deep midwicket.
1 run, full on leg stump, flicked on the bounce to deep square.
OUT, the batsman looks to take Barvo down as he bowls length and gives him pace to work with. the batsman backs himself to hit sixes down the ground, but the slowness of the pitch means he is early into it and the bat face closes a touch. Caught at long-on.
no run, huge appeal, but turned down. It was full, but pitches outside leg stump. Turns inwards, and hits him in front off stump. Not given.
no run, beaten. Loopy googly tossed up very wide outside off. Reaches out and is beaten on the under edge as he has a whip at that.
no run, length ball on middle, the batsman works this to midwicket.
1 run, quicker one on the pads, worked away to square leg.
FOUR runs, eases it past point. Errs there, the bowler. Short and wide and at regular pace. He's nicely onto the back foot to put this away.
2 runs, round the wicket to deliver a dart on leg stump, the batsman clips it through midwicket.
1 run, thick inside edge to deep square. Looked to flay this on the up.
FOUR runs, slower one on the pads, poor bowling with the fine leg up in the circle, the batsman only has to get it past short fine-leg and does it well.
SIX runs, gets it off the toe-end of the bat but manages to hit it just beyond the straight boundary. Full ball on off, free swing of the bat. Doesn't get the timing at all, but just got enough on it for it to carry.
2 runs, gets away with one. Seems like an offcutter from the bowler. the batsman sees one in the slot, looking to go voer long-off. The thick outside edge lands short of sweeper cover.
1 run, short ball, and he pulls this towards deep midwicket. Nabi runs in, and gets to it, but cannot hold on as he falls. Looks a little bothered by that, but hopefully his fingers are fine.
1 run, length ball on middle stump, stays leg-side of the ball and opens his bat face to steer it to third man, past the diving backward point fielder.
1 run, back of a length and slower outside off, flapped to long-off.
no run, on a length, swinging in, headed towards middle and leg. Defended.
1 run, pulled but straight to deep square leg.
no run, another carrom ball, length ball around off, the batsman stays back this time and looks to force it on the off side, gets beaten.
no run, full on middle stump, stays still in the crease and drills this straight to mid-on.
2 runs, good length outside off, stands tall and punches past extra cover but mid-off, who is slightly back, gets around it.
no run, driven straight to cover, had to reach out for this.
no run, moves away and tries to drive a slower ball pitched outside off. Goes straight to Smith at cover.
no run, beats the outside edge. Good length and jagging away off the pitch as Curran looks to drive on the up.
SIX runs, here comes the batsman, charges down the track. the bowler shortens his length on middle. Clubbed over the wide long-on fence for six.
no run, length on off, pushed back.
1 run, good length on off, and KW taps it off the back foot. Plays it past Shakib's left to long on, and he calls early for the run.
1 run, rolls his fingers over this one. Good length on leg stump, and angling across the batsman. Tapped towards cover with soft hands.
1 run, tossed up on leg stump, and spinning across the batsman. Driven down the ground, off the front foot, to long off. Singles won't cut it now.
1 run, short of a length, straight, pushed wide of midwicket for one.
OUT, short of length outside off, Hardik goes for the pull but doesn't middle it and ends up skying towards Nabi at long-off who is well inside the boundary and completes an easy catch.
no run, back of a length, giving him absolutely no room. Sran plays half a cut shot and the ball skews out towards cover.
SIX runs, a leading edge in line with the stumps and over the keeper. Short at leg stump, steps out and looks to pull from his hips. Face closed very early but he's got more than he would have if he'd got that off the middle.
SIX runs, short ball clubbed long over midwicket! This sat up, a slower ball, chest high, he pounded it way back over the long boundary.
no run, a short slower ball outside off, swatted to cover from the crease.
no run, goes short! On off stump, and soars over the batsman's head as he's forced to duck.
1 run, full outside off, nicely forward to drive to long-on.
FOUR runs, chopped over short fine. Slower ball again, short of a length. He's backing into the off side, shaping to pull but has to wait and adjust before using his wrists to chop from underneath and clear the infield.
1 run, short at the hips, off his feet to tuck this down to fine leg.
1 run, full-toss on middle, down the track and punched down to wide long-off.
FOUR runs, stand and deliver! Brute force. Full, just outside off, but the batsman clears his front leg before check-slogging over the bowler's head.
1 run, good length and in the corridor. Opens the face and runs it to third man.
1 run, length on the pads, tucked away towards midwicket.
no run, tries the sweep this time, but is beaten outside off.
1 run, full on middle, steps out and whips to deep midwicket.
no run, back of a length close to off stump, punched to cover.
no run, slower cutter outside off, toe-ended behind to the keeper.
FOUR runs, and when it is going for you, it goes for you all day long. He looks like he is trying to go over mid-off, but gets an outside edge to this length ball, which beats third man. Brings up fifty for the batsman.
FOUR runs, slices this into the gap between backward point and short third man. Not much pace on this, the batsman went hard at it, just about managed to find the gap.
no run, slider again, cut away hard, and Siraj makes a diving save at point. Might have saved four there.
no run, quicker one on off, goes straightish and he pushes it towards cover.
1 run, whips this down to long-on.
no run, 131 kph, quick outside off, a good length delivery, creeps under Hardik's bat.
no run, back-of-the-hand slower delivery, the batsman backs away and leaves it hoping for a wide. But well inside.
1 run, dropped! Second for Anukul, this time a much more difficult one. the batsman steps out and makes it a full toss before punching it firmly to Anukul's left. Bursts through his grasp.
1 run, good length on off, and spinning away. the batsman gets onto the back foot and cuts to the man in the deep.
no run, fuller, at the stumps, nice delivery, the batsman taps to the off side.
1 run, length ball outside off and nicely steered square by Faf. Third man runs to his right to slide and save.
FOUR runs, shot. He wagered that the ball would be similar to the previous one, fullish, and just outside off stump. Took a big step across and used his wrists to whip it stylishly to the right of mid-on.
1 run, length ball on middle stump, tucked away through square leg off the back foot.
1 run, spinning back into middle and leg from length, turned wide of square leg.
1 run, chipped over the bowler! A cutter on middle and leg, the bowler's length is good too. the batsman looks to turn the ball away but the ball splices over.
2 runs, angles into middle and leg, whipped into the gap at deep midwicket. Super running.
2 runs, just away from the short midwicket fielder, the batsman uses his feet this time, to this length ball on the stumps, and ends up chipping it in the air, Williamson dives to his right but the ball evades him.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to mid-on.
no run, length ball on off stump, punched firmly back to the bowler.
1 leg bye, short and down leg side, cops the pull on his thigh.
FOUR runs, tossed up, and he has hammered this back over the bowler's head. Aerial, but a bounce before it hits the fence behind the bowler.
FOUR runs, shot! Fifty for the batsman. Length outside off, down the track, meets it, drills it over the bowler. Right off the middle.
FOUR runs,  Now off the backfoot!  Splits backward point and short third man. Picked the length early - mind you, this wasn't all that short - he rocked back and cracked that away.
no run, bouncer at at middle stump line, backs away and swings. Beaten.
FOUR runs, Make that 16 runs off the last four balls. Floated full and wide outside off, the batsman is early into a drive but flat-bats it past the left of the bowler.
no run, back of a length on off, punched with an open face to Agarwal at backward point.
1 run, good length at the stumps, punched to long-on.
1 run, back of a length, angling across the stumps. Stays leg-side of the ball and jabs to deep point.
1 run, length ball on middle and leg, comes forward and flicks it towards wide mid-on.
2 runs, full on middle, pushed to long--on with soft hands and that's another well-run couple.
2 runs, down the wicket, takes this on the full, hits to the left of deep midwicket, but doesn't have the timing. Gets only two.
no run, beaten on the inside edge this time as this wide length ball seams back in and moves dramatically after passing the stumps.
1 run, good length and just outside off, dropped into the point region with soft hands.
1 run, single down the ground.
2 runs, Archer gingerly moves in from short fine leg but misjudges it. He dives belatedly but this mistimed paddle-sweep from the batsman lands in front of him.
no run, it's in the slot for that shot. Full and wide, the batsman comes down and misses a swing. DOT!.
no run, slower and fuller on off, the batsman's feet glued to the crease as he defends.
1 run, pushes to long-on.
no run, gets a good stride forward and defends.
no run, appeal for lbw but there might have been an inside edge on that and he might have been outside off when he was struck. Good length ball hooping in from outside off and he got locked on the front foot. Ah in fact that was rising over the stumps.
no run, fuller again, angling across this time, looks to swipe across but misses.
1 run, slower ball, looks like a high full toss, but it dips on him, and gives him a single off the bottom edge.
1 wide, angled too far across, called wide.
no run, good length at middle stump, paddled straight to short fine.
1 run, mistimes a lofted hit down to wide long on. Just dragged this a little.
1 leg bye, struck on the pad as he's beaten by a whippy legbreak, off the pad into the leg side and they steal a leg bye.
no run, beaten on the reverse sweep. Googly in the corridor. Dhoni gathers that at knee height.
1 run, short of a length, at him, punched to backward point for one.
no run, huge appeal for lbw but not given. Full, just outside off, and the googly spins inwards. He comes forward to defend, but misses the shot, and Rashid appeals for lbw. Rashid wants the review but Saha isn't convinced. Rashid gets overruled, and Sunrisers save a review. Impact was outside off.
no run, back of a length, slower ball outside off, the batsman delays his punch and finds cover. the bowler's offcutters are sticking in the pitch.
2 runs, targets the blockhole again, but the batsman clears his front leg and smears it to long-off. The crowd is going bonkers. They scream Ra-hul! Ra-hul! Ra-hul!.
1 wide, past the hook but also above the head, deems leg umpire. Bouncer has some steep rise on it but it's in the batsman's favour by the end of it.
no run, that was a quick one, ends up as a full toss outside off but at 144 kph. the batsman beaten for pace, trying to force it through the offside.
2 runs, chips this flick shot into the gap at midwicket, down towards Gowtham. Can't prevent the second though.
1 run, into the pads from around the wicket and the batsman works it to long leg easily.
1 run, goes for the wide yorker, ends up bowling a low full toss, and the batsman gets an inside edge for one.
no run, good length at off stump, defended down the pitch.
3 runs, legcutter at a length outside off. Waits on it and taps it into the vacant midwicket region. Pooran runs in and puts in a sharp throw at the non-striker's end that isn't collected. an extra run at extra cover.
1 run, full outside off, slugged down to long-on off the inside half.
FOUR runs, one-bouncer four this time, didn't middle it but still got enough and in the gap more importantly. Length ball on the stumps and the batsman swings across, got it off the toe-end but that's enough for a boundary.
1 run, too straight, on the hips and worked to square leg for a run.
2 runs, full and wide outside off, reaches out and slices to third man's right.
1 run, good length at middle, punched to long-on.
no run, beaten by a brilliant slower ball wide of off! It shot low under the bat as he swung hard.
no run, darted into leg, he defends to midwicket and wants one but is sent back.
1 wide, back of a length, drifts down the leg side.
FOUR runs, slapped over extra cover. That is savvy, not an easy shot on a slow surface. Cutter climbing up at an off and middle stump line. His feet are off the floor and he's cramped as he gets into the leg side, but he manages to get the punch away.
OUT, Chopped on! Two in two! Game on! Shorter length outside off, he went back to cut, it didn't turn as much as expected and held up, he gets a thick inside edge and drags it onto the stumps. Wow. Big moment in the match.
1 run, slider, short, outside off, cut to deep cover.
no run, just lands short of a diving Kohli at cover. Nicely tossed up wide outside off, the batsman looked to reach out and go over cover but there was no timing on this one.
4 leg byes, tickled fine. Length ball at leg stump, leans in for the flick, can't get bat on it. Gets just enough leg.
SIX runs, not that short, but what a shot! Just a tad short, the batsman stays back and still and then smokes it over the midwicket boundary. That's gone a long, long way!.
1 run, good length outside off, and bunted to long on for a single. Cheers all around! Mumbai Indians win by 13 runs!.
OUT, cleaned 'im up. You can't really say that often but that was poor game awareness from the batsman. He just got four against the opposition's best bowler, and went for six this time. It's a tossed up googly outside off, the batsman backs away and slogs across the line. He misses, the ball doesn't, hits off and middle stump. Maybe it was instinct or his determination to attack the best, but that wasn't the best decision he's made.
no run, goes back to look to use his pace, but places this straight to short third man.
no run, full outside off, the batsman leans into the drive and drills it to extra cover.
1 run, offcutter, short of a length at middle stump. Looks to whip into the leg side, deflected towards short fine off the thigh.
no run, inswinging fuller one again, the batsman watchfully blocks off the front foot.
1 run, flat, back of a length, angling into off stump, not much turn. Goes back to work it into the midwicket region, and the fielder is back on the boundary so the bowler has to give chase.
1 run, 137.8ks full-toss on off, above the waist? Tight call. Spliced towards midwicket.
SIX runs, smoked into the railings. Good length ball, a googly at middle and leg. Front leg into the leg side and a brutal slog sweep over deep midwicket.
no run, beaten on the pull. Short and outside off. Was looking to lift that over midwicket.
1 run, full on middle, and tapped past the non-striker to long on. the bowler's attempted dive can't stop the ball, so the batsman walks across for a single.
1 run, fuller around off, drives it towards long-off from the front foot.
1 run, OUT, full slower ball wide outside off, reaches out and lofts to long-off's left. Jofra picks up on the bounce and then sends a vicious throw to the striker's end on the bounce. the batsman has no chance of making it.
1 run, shorter legbreak outside off, the batsman goes on the back foot and punches a single to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, slaps it to the point boundary! For all the silence he evoked with that 28-run over, Umesh has the crowd delirious right now. What a shot. Full and flat and wide from Nabi and he times this perfectly to get it past point.
OUT, slices this slog to long off. Hales makes no mistake. Wonder if this was a little too ambitious from the batsman? Was he better off giving strike to Pant? Looked to go straight but got no timing.
2 runs, flat and wide, carved past point for a couple.
1 wide, full, well down the leg side, the batsman misses the attempted swipe over short fine.
2 runs, We have a direct hit and the third umpire comes into play, but he's safe. DK closed the face of the bat to tuck the ball to leg with soft hands and said two repeatedly as Vohra rain in from the leg side, they can back just in time.
no run, length around off, comes forward and punches it towards mid-on.
no run, repeated appeals from Pant for catch at the wicket. Not given. DC review it. the batsman looks to reverse-sweep this, the ball doesn't turn as much as expected, and it goes close to the glove and settles in Pant's gloves. Flat line on Ultra Edge, though. DC have lost the review.
no run, length ball, 133ks, offcutter, hits him high on the bat. Doesn't carry to short cover.
no run, good length and just outside off, goes hard on the drive on the up, can't beat cover.
no run, top spinner, gets it to bounce a bit more, the batsman was looking to come on the front foot had to hurriedly transfer weight back and dab it down.
no run, good length on off, but he goes towards the leg side to make some room. Cut it square, but only to point.
no run, wonderfully flighted by the bowler, and he almost draws a false stroke from the batsman, who decides late to defend.
no run, good length outside off, and the batsman punches this off the back foot towards cover. That area's packed with men in purple though.
1 wide, another off-side wide from the bowler.
1 run, length at middle stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, fuller, punched to cover.
1 run, plays the short-arm jab, down to deep midwicket.
1 run, sees the batsman advancing and fires this in, whipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, length on middle, he turns it through midwicket.
2 runs, dropped at deep square! Debutant Chopra runs in and can't hold on. Slower ball and he reaches out to drag this with a slog. Simple catch after making his ground but he doesn't complete it.
1 run, thick inside edge onto the pad, rolls to the off side for a single.
no run, length on leg stump, hurriedly poked to midwicket.
no run, full outside off but swinging into his pads late. the batsman shuffles across to the off side, and pushes towards midwicket.
no run, bouncer at leg stump. Awkwardly defended.
1 leg bye, good length and raps him on the legs as he stays deep in the crease and looks for the glance. Deflected into the off side.
1 run, yorker, just outside off, dug out to point for one.
1 run, length on off stump, gets on the back foot and drops this into the off side with soft hands.
no run, short and Umesh hits the splice as opposed to bat hitting ball. Rolls away to short cover.
1 run, good length on middle stump, and worked off his pads to deep midwicket. Man there though.
FOUR runs, that is four more. Universe Boss showing he has touch to go with power. Short of a length, again, down the leg side, and the short fine leg is up. the batsman tucks this away wide of that man.
FOUR runs, three in a row! Length isn't working for Ishant. Faf waits deep, and it's just short enough that he can muscle a pull out to deep midwicket.
no run, misses a leg-stump full toss and is struck on the pad. Late inswing for the bowler.
1 run, dropped at sweeper cover this time! Good length outside off, opens the face, wants to go over extra cover. Ends up slicing it high. Thakur is already under it as he starts. Gets it in his grasp too but it pops out.
1 leg bye, slot ball, but outside leg, and the batsman misses with the slog. Just the leg-bye.
FOUR runs, finally breaking free. Gets width on a length ball, and he plays the orthodox classic extra-cover drive to troll those who can't live with his unorthodoxy.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to long-off.
no run, good length and tight at middle stump, defended off the back foot.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, went for the big heave ,but only under-edged it to fine leg.
FOUR runs, full ball, outside off, and he whacks this towards backward point. Has found the gap.
1 run, wide outside off again, and the batsman once again cuts this square. Straight to the man in the deep though.
SIX runs, back of a length on the hips, the batsman picks it up and launches it over the square leg fence. Such a clean strike from Sixer the batsman.
SIX runs, good length on middle, but angling down the leg side. the batsman, however, swivels and pulls this over deep backward square. Great rotation off his toes.
SIX runs, down the wicket, gets under a length ball, extends his arms through it, and clears long-on with ease. Terrific intent from KKR.
FOUR runs, the batsman now succeeds in ramping it away fine of deep third man. Banged in short just a shade outside off, the batsman arches his back and finds the boundary.
nan
1 run, straight ball, strays on to the pads a bit and he flicks this towards backward square leg.
1 run, grip and turn from middle, the batsman gets a leading edge towards point.
FOUR runs, full and wide, with third man up, and the batsman throws his bat at it, getting a thick edge over the man for four runs.
1 run, slower ball at middle stump, looks to lift it over the off side, gets it off the inside half to deep square.
SIX runs, six more. That's the third six he's conceded. Runs down to the pitch of the legbreak, knows it's wide outside off so the off side is a better shot. And drills a lofted drive over cover. Just clears the boundary.
1 run, ugly hoick across the line, no timing, off a thick inside edge to deep midwicket.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
SIX runs, launched over square leg! the batsman didn't hold back. It was in his hitting arc and he went with the spin over square leg. That's a huge hit.
no run, full outside off, and Sarfraz tries to paddle this over fine leg. Except, he plays it down the middle stump's line, while the ball was bowled outside off.
1 run, on off stunmp, and he tries to lift it over the bowler's head. Timed well, but it's in the air! Lucky for him, it drops short of Brathwaite at long on.
1 run, full on middle and off, 140 kph, nudged away towards midwicket.
1 run, very full again, at normal pace this one, driven off his toes to long-on.
no run, beaten. Length ball outside off. Plonks the front leg across and looks to swing across the line and this rolls through to Dhoni after beating the inside edge.
1 run, flat, back of a length once more, spinning in towards off stump. Tucked away to deep midwicket.
1 run, yorker on middle, and the batsman natmegs this through his legs. Ball rolls away to square leg.
1 run, shortish and outside off, flat-batted away to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, chance goes down! Difficult but Manish Pandey's effort goes for a six. Full on off, and he lifts it over mid on. Pandey - at long on - gets under it, and even sticks his hand out. The ball stays in his palm, but his momentum's taking him over the boundary. Still manages to throw the ball in the air, but his inertia forces the ball to land beyond the boundary anyway.
1 run, another pull, this time he gets it high on the bat but manages to hit this wide of short fine leg.
no run, length, slider in the corridor. Hurriedly tapped to extra cover.
1 run, good length outside off, and grips away from the batsman after pitching. Opens the bat's face and guides it to short third man.
2 runs, length ball on middle, and tucked away to wide long on. Enough time for the batsman to come back for the second.
1 run, full outside off, looks to crash it through the off side, gets a thick inside edge to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, shot! Counterpunch. But that's a short ball. Faf is waiting on the front foot and swats it between deep square and deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length slower ball outside off. Chopped to sweeper cover.
no run, and he tries to beat the field by truing to reverse this. Hits this straight to short third, but it doesn't carry.
FOUR runs, he was setting himself up for this, waiting for it. It's short, a little bit outside off, and he's in position early to pull it away to the right of midwicket.
no run, heaves and misses! Short of length and swinging in a bit late, he goes for the mighty pull and the ball goes just under the bat.
no run, beaten by a googly, looked to dab this past short third with an angled bat.
no run, fuller, straighter, slower at 129ks, defended back to him.
1 run, full on middle, quicker one, pushed to long-on.
FOUR runs, tossed up outside off, but the batsman switches his stance to make it his leg side. He gets a nit of a bottom edge but he has managed to place it fine of short fine leg. This is the reverse sweep and not the switch hit.
1 leg bye, the batsman backs away again, and Pandya follows him again. Off the pad this rolls to short third man.
no run, skiddy short ball outside off, 137ks, Suryakumar can't connect with his pull.
1 run, offcutter at a good length on middle. Walks into that as he flicks to midwicket.
SIX runs, first ball six! Block the first ball? Watch the spin? Play with a straight bat? No, says the batsman. It's full, straight and T20d away over midwicket for six. Too full and heaved away.
1 run, full and wide outside off, lifted to long-off's right with extended arms.
FOUR runs, incredible it was back of a length but not that wide outside off as to give Hardik room to free his arms, but he short-arm slashes it anyway and it bounces just in front of the rope. Almost a six.
no run, full on off, pushed to extra cover again.
1 run, short on leg stump. the batsman tries to swivel, but can't pull effectively. Played to deep backward square.
no run, length ball on leg stump, tucked towards midwicket.
no run, big appeal for lbw. the batsman was on his toes when he was struck. Height was surely in question there, but no. Ashwin thinks otherwise and has asked for a review. Pitch map shows this hit the turf outside leg,  so nothing else matters.
1 run, length on middle stump, driven on the rise to long-on.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. And that is sign that the pitch might have quickened up a little. Chips down the wicket, and even though he is not to the pitch of the ball, he chips this back over his head. Gets good timing on it.
2 runs, length on the pads, tucked away towards deep squareleg for a couple.
1 run, length on middle, shuffles and pushes it toiwards squareleg.
SIX runs, banged in short and outside off, Rohit reads the length quickly. Skips back and nails a pull into the stands beyond long leg. Sails over the long boundary for a six - the first of the night.
no run, full outside off, driven to extra cover.
no run, good length and wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, full, middle and leg, pushed to leg.
2 runs, slower ball on off, the best timed shot so far, just a gentle push and the ball races through the covers, only two though.
no run, Kishan falls over the flick takes this one the pad.
SIX runs, and the match ends in a flash! the bowler digs the ball in short, the batsman rocks back and lifts his hook shot up and over fine leg to end the game with just under four overs to spare.
FOUR runs, short and up at the helmet. Watches it closely and uses the pace to steer this to long leg's right.
no run, length ball on middle, and defended off the back foot to the non-striker. Stopped by Sandeep diving to his left.
FOUR runs, delicate little dab to beat short third man. Nicely done, he waited and waited before using the pace to ease the deflection.
no run, length ball on off stump, punched firmly to mid-off. He sets off looking for a single but Gayle, rightly, sends him back.
1 run, full outside off, comes forward and pushes it through extra cover for one.
no run, short outside off, appreciable lift from the wicket, the batsman slashes and misses.
no run, slower ball, full outside off, hit straight to extra cover.
no run, beaten back of a length in the corridor and Hardik goes for the expansive drive, but doesn't connect. Was close to his outside edge.
1 run, slower cutter outside off, 115.5ks, Hardik opens the face and secures a single to third man.
no run, short of a length and just outside off, opens the face and finds backward point.
1 run, legcutter again, short of a length, not much room, cut away in front of square for one.
SIX runs, lofts it over long-off! Short of a length outside off. Steps out and isn't anywhere near the pitch of this. But he goes all in, extends the arms, lifts his back leg as he does it, and lobs it gently over the fielder.
2 runs, short, gets inside of it and tucks it away to deep backward square and pushes the fielder for a brace.
3 wide, wide down the leg side, plus two byes.
no run, good length wide of off, a touch of swing, he leaves this alone.
1 run, back of a length outside off and the batsman backs away. Chops it down to third man this time.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. the bowler bowls the carrom ball, but it gives the batsman some width, and he punches this over extra cover for four.
1 wide, quick bouncer outside off, the batsman leaps, swishes and misses. The ball whizzes over the helmet. the batsman looks at the square-leg umpire. Wide called and rightly so because the ball had sailed over the batsman's head.
no run, seam again. the bowler looking unplayable. Or at least unhittable. Seams from just short of a length, and hits him high on the pad.
no run, slower ball, dips just a shade outside off, offcutter it is, the batsman is way too early into his leg-side slog and only collects fresh air.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, pushed gently towards extra cover, ambles for a single and tries to sneak in the second but has to be happy with only one as the fielder was close to the ball.
OUT, Is Maxwell out? Yes!  How unlucky would he have to be? It was full on middle stump, and the batsman drove it straight to the bowler. The bowler managed to get fingertips to it, and it ricocheted onto his boots and then onto the stumps. Maxwell's too slow to react, and he's inches short of the ground.
no run, short of a length outside off, chopped to backward point.
no run, short of a length, rises into the chest, defended off the back foot.
FOUR runs, gets inside the line of a full toss, flicks it fine, Ashwin makes a dive at fine leg, and gets a bad bounce to allow the boundary.
no run, defended back to the bowler.
1 run, big lbw appeal as he's beaten on the inside edge. They don't review it. Ah, in fact there is an inside edge on this. Length ball sliding in from outside off, was playing for the one that straightens, bat in front of off stump.
no run, slower ball, but wide outside off. the batsman waits for eternity trying to cut, but he misses. Wants the 'wide call' but the umpire isn't interested.
1 run, tosses it up on middle, the batsman drives fluently to long-off.
no run, short of a length outside off, 128kph, played off the back foot to the off side.
1 run, short and up at middle stump, aerial pull to deep midwicket's right.
1 run, slower length ball on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 run, stands tall and bunts it to mid-off for a quick single.
1 run, straight ball on off, opens the face, and bunts to cover.
no run, length outside off, cut straight to cover.
OUT, And the bowler has his revenge with the googly! Full on middle, perhaps held in the surface just a touch as the batsman went for the lofted stroke down the ground to make it four in four, only managing to slice it high in the air and straight to long-off.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to midwicket's right.
no run, shortish and outside off, he slices it to point.
FOUR runs, length ball on middle, and the ball turns away after hitting the deck. Dhawan looks to work this towards the leg side, but leading edge takes the ball down to the third-man boundary. the bowler asking a lot of questions!.
no run, short around off, the batsman looks to cut over the infield but can't make contact.
FOUR runs, reverse sweep past backward point. And rapidly too. Picks this full one from outside leg, is almost arching by the end of that to get it in front of his pad. The fielder can barely get a hand out to his left.
1 run, shorter and outside off, gets on top of the bounce and punches through the covers.
1 run, looks for the sweep from outside off, but this is a slow legbreak and does him in. He gets a single off the cue end. To long-on. On the sweep.
OUT, picks out deep midwicket! A clean lofted sweep from the batsman, hit powerfully enough that he might have got a four a couple of metres to Jadeja's right. But he's got this from off stump and straight into the hands.
FOUR runs, length on middle and the batsman blasts this over the bowler's head, one bounce and into the boundary.
1 run, legbreak, down the leg again, worked away for one.
no run, back of a length on off stump, lets it come on and dabs to the left of backward point. Calls for a quick single but Gayle sends him back.
no run, full on of stump, and that's a crunching drive off the front foot. Excellent sound of the bat, but straight to cover.
1 run, dropped. Rashid dropped this short and it sat up for the batsman who didn't entirely get hold of his pull. Kaul at deep midwicket goes at it reverse-cupped after getting around it but lets it pop out.
1 run, good length at middle stump, deep in the crease and whips to deep midwicket.
no run, good length and drawing him forward with some lovely loop at off stump. He's not to the pitch as he looks to drive and it's off the thick outside edge to extra cover.
2 runs, Dhawan shuffles across to pick on the leg side, the bowler drags his line wide, and he changes his shot to go over cover. Not a clean hit, but just enough to clear the extra cover.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, drops this wide of cover for one.
3 runs, swiped over mid-on. Good length and just outside off. Keeps the front leg in the leg side and swings across the line. It comes off the inside half. Deshpande pulls it back in with a slide at the boundary.
to AB, FOUR runs, looks for the quick yorker, 137ks, into the pads, but the length is slightly short of being a yorker. AB swings hard at it, and it runs off the inside half of the bat and past short fine leg.
no run, length around off, comes forward and finds extra cover with drive.
FOUR runs, oh helicopter off the back foot. Goes deep to a quick short-of-a-length ball, and whips it over mid-odff. What wrists. Incredible.
no run, banged in short, just outside leg. Watson ducks in anticipation of a wide but this is a good call from Ian Gould.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, tucked away towards deep midwicket.
no run, ooh, beauty. Back of a length, angling across the left-hander. Pitches on about middle and leg and nips away off the seam to open the batsman up in defence and beat the outside edge.
no run, wrong'un, and Mann has not picked this at all. Beaten on the pull, but this is headed down leg.
OUT, direct hit from Shreyas Iyer at mid-off and Suryakumar is comfortably short. Brilliant moment in the field from the DC captain, who has been very good patrolling mid-off through this innings. He pushed it hard and straight to Iyer, and set off, but Iyer was onto it and had enough time to line up the stumps and let fly.
1 run, skiddy delivery on middle, punched to long-on.
1 run, goes on the back foot to turn this leg-break backwards of square.
SIX runs, lifted over deep midwicket! Casual. Full and into leg stump, hangs deep in the crease and and brings out a beautiful swing on this lofted flick.
SIX runs, pumps it over the midwicket boundary! Length and pushed through fast. Lines it up and connects cleanly on the slog.
no run, gets one to skid back in from wide of the crease, Faf is hit high on the thigh pad as he looks to work this square.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, flat-batted down to mid-off.
SIX runs, swept and swept hard, a flat six to bring up his fifty off 33 balls. His fourth six of the innings to go with two fours. Was a touch fuller outside off and he just drilled it over deep square leg.
no run, mistimes his pull this time, an inside edge as it drops into the off side off the lower part of the bat.
1 run, wrong'un, short of a length, whipped to deep square for one.
OUT, slower ball, full outside off, and the batsman departs. Looks to hit it over cover, maybe, ends up slicing a simple catch to backward point.
1 run, low full toss, driven down to long-on.
1 wide, full, fast and wide, and is called for it.
1 run, comes down the pitch and is reduced to slogging because the bowler pulls his length back and keeps the ball wide of Dhawan's reach outside off. Mis-hit through square leg.
SIX runs, slower ball, length on the stumps and DK moves across to pull it over the fielder at deep square. Excellent timing again.
SIX runs, scoops it! That's the way to end a T20 innings. And he sure enjoyed it, striding over to his partner and punches his gloves with extra oomph. This shows the batsman in his best light - he knows the bowler is under pressure having bowled a short ball. He knows he's bound to go for the yorker and so he sets up for the scoop shot, backing himself to get under the ball, and easily does so when it ends up a full toss outside off. Then a little bit of wristwork makes sure it travels all the way.
no run, the googly, on middle and off, blocked back.
no run, good length and angled into the stumps. Flicked to midwicket.
1 run, a low full toss down leg, worked down to short fine leg. He picks up and fires, but misses at the batsman's end. Out if he hit.
FOUR runs, tossed up outside off, the batsman comes down hard on it, and chops between the keeper and slip, as it races away to the third-man fence.
no run, back of a length, kicks up, and beats the cut.
1 run, on a length, on off, pushed wide of the bowler to long-off.
no run, fast, effortless off-stump yorker. Jabbed back to the bowler.
1 run, wrong'un, starts outside leg, turns towards off. Punched down to long-off to bring up yet another fifty. Answering the voices that doubted him and called for him to be left out.
no run, good length and swung into off stump, defended off the back foot.
1 run, good length outside off, defended to extra cover's right.
no run, full on off, and legbreak takes the ball across the batsman's bat. Tries to fend tentatively, but the ball has beaten his outside edge.
1 run, wide outside off, and enough time for the batsman to back away. Cuts it late, but finds the man at point.
FOUR runs, swatted wide of long-on again! Short ball at off, drags it with a pull right off the middle.
no run, short of a length and tucked at the mid-riff as he looks to flick this.
no run, short of a length, on pace, pushed to cover-point. Good comeback by the bowler after conceding two fours off the first two balls.
1 run, slower ball becomes a full toss on leg stump. the batsman taps it down to long leg.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, off the floor as he opens the face and guides to third man.
1 run, loops slower ball on leg stump. Flicked to deep square leg.
2 runs, full at off stump, steps out and punches to long-off.
FOUR runs, the batsman does what you do when someone is as good at the yorker as the bowler. You ramp. Takes this on the full, and even adds a bit of a flick to the ramp.
1 wide, slower delivery but sprays this too far wide outside off.
no run, on a length, closer to off, hits him high on the bat as he drives.
SIX runs, six more! the batsman on fire. Flat outside off, the batsman steps out and nails a lofted drive right back. Over the bowler's head.
FOUR runs, too full on the pads and it's easy-peasy for the batsman to put those away. Effortless flick of the wrists to send it racing to deep midwicket.
1 run, wrong'un, short enough for the batsman to go back to and work with the spin through midwicket.
2 runs, very full on middle stump, whipped away between deep midwicket and wide long-on.
no run, length outside off and angling across the batsman, the batsman looks to hit it through the off side and misses, too wide but the umpire doesn't think so.
1 run, works this gently towards square leg, presses for a second but Surya isn't ready.
OUT, and timber. Length ball around off and middle from around the wicket, the batsman looks to sweep it towards midwicket, misses it altogether and the bowler has two in two.
1 run, length on middle, the batsman shuffles across and tucks it away towards deep backward squareleg.
1 run, full on middle and leg, clipped towards deep midwicket and he retains the strike, though he thought of a second, turning momentarily at the non-striker's end.
2 runs, short of a length, at him, tucked away into a hole on the leg side for two. That is good placement on this ground.
1 run, short, hooked and nearly carries to fine-leg! On the bounce though, as Mumbai breathe easy.
no run, good length at a leg stump line, backs into the leg side and punches to mid-on's left.
1 run, chops this down to third man.
no run, gets a good stride forward and defends this away-swinger to cover.
1 run, overpitched on off stump, and he manages to defend it into the ground. The ball bounces off the pitch, and over Fizz's head, to mid off.
FOUR runs, dismissive. Back-foot cover-drive on the up. Sharma has done nothing wrong. Inswinger, on a length, just outside off. Just that he is not very quick. the batsman drives him hard, and wide of mid-off.
1 run, backs away and drills this full delivery to long off.
1 wide, another wide down the leg side.
1 run, nicely tossed up on off stump, the batsman eases this down to long-off.
FOUR runs, good length outside off, and enough width for the batsman to cut it square. Takes a step towards the leg side to make extra room, and crunches this past point thereafter.
no run, good length outside off, and it's the googly! Forces the batsman to go onto the back foot, and defend it towards the leg side.
no run, whistles past the inside edge. Slammed in at a good length, just outside off. the batsman swishes for the original line but the angle beats him.
no run, full on off, and he's through his front-foot drive too quickly. Comes off the bat's top half, and lands just in front of the bowler.
1 run, this is the outswinger, around off, on a length, off the thick edge it runs to third man.
1 run, big short ball, fended in front of the throat, and it goes uppishly to third man for one.
no run, width outside off, drilled to the man at the edge of the ring at cover.
no run, good length, he's back and defending to midwicket.
1 run, slower ball, full, driven hard to long-on for one.
no run, fired in full at the pads. Probably knew he wanted to try and make room. Tries to flick, can't connect, the ball hits his pad instead.
FOUR runs, length ball, straight, and he has whipped this away dismissively towards the deep midwicket fence. Uses the depth of the crease expertly.
FOUR runs, this is a lovely whip. Too short on middle and leg, uses his wrists to play this behind square and beat deep square leg. The best shot the batsman has played this season!.
1 run, fuller around off, driven towards long-off for another single.
no run, flicks this low full toss to midwicket. Looks at the bat immediately.
no run, swings it into him from middle stump, no room for the batsman to put it away.
FOUR runs, goes over cover, beats the sweeper Negi. Bounces into the ropes. Don't think he would've been too disappointed by a single either.
no run, steps out but the bowler cleverly shortens his length, punched back by Rohit.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, Pandya plays the late-cut, but Ashwin makes a diving save at point.
1 run, drops just short of mid on! It was full on off, and the batsman goes for a slog towards the leg side. Comes off the bat's inside half and lobs in the air. Lands between midwicket and mid on.
1 run, length on middle, the batsman backs away and guides it past point for one.
1 run, full on off, quick. the batsman comes down and pushes away to long-off. More of a leading edge.
OUT, chipped straight to cover slower ball and it seemed to hold up on the pitch a bit. Full outside off, the batsman was way too early into the drive and ends up chipping it straight in the air. Dolly  of a catch to Bhuvneshwar.
FOUR runs, drops it too short and is punished. Attempted offcutter but there's a lot of time to adjust. Reaches out and steers it wide of short fine.
SIX runs, launched into the sky and that's fifty for him too! It lands in the crowd beyond the midwicket fence. It wans't full or too short, but those things don't matter to the batsman.
no run, 146 kph and fierce! the batsman is pinned in his crease as he defends a fuller delivery on off stump.
FOUR runs, the batsman ends on 95! An unbeaten, but valiant knock. It was short on off, and the batsman once again reverse paddles this over short third man. Ends the game with a 16-run over, but it was all too late. Rajasthan Royals win by 15 runs!.
no run, knuckle ball? In any case, it deviates away from the right-hander, and rather late too. the batsman is playing in front of his body, with a closed bat face, and gets a leading edge.
no run, a cutter, an offcutter outside off. Nicely timed away to the same fielder.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, tucked off the hips to fine leg.
FOUR runs, back of a length, angling into the stumps, punched to the right of mid-on, where Rayudu throws himself at the ball but can only get his fingertips to it. Slows it down a little, but not enough to prevent four even with a lung-busting chase to the boundary.
2 runs, length delivery angling away, steered behind point, down to square third man.
no run, looks for the late cut but this slow legbreak beats him just outside off.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, the batsman gives himself some room and digs it out towards deep midwicket.
1 run, overpitched on middle, slower ball from the bowler, and the batsman has no trouble in hammering a drive to long on.
no run, slower in the air, some turn, hits the outer half of the bat as he looks to push this to leg.
no run, length outside off, left alone by the batsman.
1 wide, gets some shape in the air but too far down leg and that will be a wide.
1 run, shorter now, another wrong'un, flat-bats it down the ground to long-on.
FOUR runs, tossed up, and he slog-sweeps this to the right of deep midwicket. One-bounce four, and smart placement, as it bisects the fielders at long on and deep midwicket.
1 run, driven with the spin to long off.
2 runs, fuller and wider outside off, steers it towards the right of third man, Rajpoot fumbles and that allows the batsmen to come back for the second.
1 run, length on middle and leg, knocked to deep midwicket.
1 run, really full on middle, driven down to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, flat, hard, frightening power! Get in the way of that if you dare. Long-on can't, he doesn't have time!.
1 run, full and straight, driven straight of long-on, but they are not pushing for two.
2 runs, on a length, angling in, uses soft hands to play it in front of deep square for a couple.
FOUR runs, back of a length and outside off, slower one, the batsman delays his cut and carves it between slip and backward point. Ten off two balls.
1 run, whips this into the gap at wide long-on.
SIX runs, top shot. the batsman in the zone here. Skips down the wicket, gets close to this ball, and goes against the turn to clear long-off. Timing. Something RCB batsmen struggled for.
FOUR runs, starts poorly again. Overpitched on the pads. Fine leg and square leg are in the circle. Guess where this goes? Right between those two, off the thick inside edge. the batsman just had to swing hard at this.
no run, beaten on the reverse sweep. Length and angling away from off stump again. Big swing and miss.
no run, shortens the length just a little, gets closer to off, and draws a defensive shot.
no run, rounds out the over with another slower one, 116.4ks outside off, the batsman swings early and misses.
no run, full on the stumps, 100.6ks, jabbed back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, just clears mid-off. Slower short ball outside off. He hangs back this time and picks his spot. That fielder is in so he flat-bats it over him. Just.
1 run, another shortish googly, spins in towards middle and leg. Deep square leg is back on the fence to keep the batsman's whippy pull down to one.
1 wide, 131 kph, another short ball, the second in succession. This is way over the head. Was the previous one the first bouncer of the over? If so, this should have been a no-ball and not a wide. the batsman gets underneath and lets that one go.
1 run, short of a length and curving in at off stump to cramp him. Manages to squeeze this to mid-off's left off the back foot.
FOUR runs, slapped away! Reflexes look good there for the batsman. Short and wide and he crunches it in front of square off the back foot.
1 wide, short, slower ball heading down the leg side, away from the reach of the batsman's pull. Wide.
FOUR runs, he's finished it off the first ball. Too short and allows the batsman to go deep in his crease and swat a pull shot to the midwicket boundary.
1 run, short of a length on middle stump, poked into the leg side off the back foot.
no run, good length at middle stump, defended into the leg side.
2 runs, wrong'un, outside off, pulled wide of long-on for two.
FOUR runs, shot that's some sublime timing. Too full outside off and Moeen just punch-drives it to the extra cover boundary. Hardly had any follow through.
no run, on a length, angling in, punched to mid-on.
2 runs, another cross-batted stroke, the reverse sweep, it's the legbreak on middle and off. the batsman places this nicely through point, all along the ground. A good diving stop from Hardik, running to his right.
no run, back of a length, starts outside off, and nips away further. the batsman simply watches it through to the keeper. Encouraging carry.
SIX runs, Curran goes one better and serves up a leg-side half-volley. Dhawan plays a sensational short-arm drive. No follow-through. Just the punch. Over long-on he goes.
SIX runs, just clears long-on this time! That's fifty. A slog right off the toe-end. Dropped short from the bowler again, full swing from the batsman again. Poor connection again.
SIX runs, what timing from Dhawan! Back of length on the off stump, Dhawan stays still and only flicks those wrists with the minimal movement to send that flying to square leg. Wow!.
1 run, short of a length outside off, chopped straight to short third man.
SIX runs, lovely shot. Sharma has picked his bowler. Skips down the track, right to the pitch of this, and lofts it over long-on for his 200th IPL six.
1 wide, good length outside leg stump, and the batsman does well to shuffle across to the off side. Shoulders his arms but earns an extra run.
no run, in the blockhole on leg stump, jabbed back towards the bowler.
no run, shorter length, he's back and pushing this to cover.
1 run, a full toss on the stumps, the batsman hits it towards long-on, only a single. An excellent over from the bowler, only six from it.
no run, another wrong'un, and this time he has got the lbw. Again it seems like going down leg to me, and the batsman has reviewed it this time. Pitches off, hits him in front of leg, and by extension it is missing. Two balls, two reviews overturned against S Ravi.
OUT, he's got a wicket at extra cover! Sharp catch from Warner. Good length ball, lobbed up slowly and wide outside off. Not a lot of turn, but there's dip and overspin and the batsman is not on top of this attempted drive. It's to Warner's left at face height and he shows good reactions.
1 wide, short ball shoved down leg, the batsman sneaks inside the line and lets it go.
FOUR runs, just out of Hardik's reach at deep midwicket. A difficult one but a drop nonetheless, because he had made the ground. Good length ball at middle stump, slices the attempted slog sweep. Hardik runs backwards and to his right, but can't get his hands on it as he lunges. It bounces well inside the line and trickles into the boundary. Looks it like it curved away from him at the end.
SIX runs, nine in nine! 45 runs in 2.5 overs. the batsman backs away, then shuffles right back in line and scoops a straight delivery over fine leg for six. Too easy for Jos.
1 run, wide full toss. Yorker gone wrong, but hit straight to point. No single available but a direct-hit overthrow will bring Hetmyer back on strike.
1 run, that is how hard lengths work. Sharma tries to play the pull, gets a massive top edge, but it lands safe around the 30-yard circle around square leg.
1 run, flatter one, in the line of the stumps, the batsman goes for the sweep and just manages to get his bat down.
1 run, slows things down. Good length on off, and fended with soft hands towards the off side.
no run, good length at middle, defended off the front foot.
1 run, short of a length outside off, chopped to third man off the back foot.
no run, now SKY is hit on the helmet and looks out of sorts. It was a slower bouncer outside off and he walked into it. That hit him on the badge. And it rung immediately. He's on his feet. But seemed disoriented immediately. It was a knuckle ball and from Jofra, even that can do damage. But it looks like he's passed whatever test they were giving him. A nod to the doctors and the helmet is back on.
no run, biting offbreak, full and breaks back in to catch the pad as the batsman plays all around it, but this may have been heading past leg stump.
1 bye, slower ball, length outside off. Misses the pull but they run anyway and take a bye. This time Pant relays the ball to the bowler, who stops it with his feet and doesn't attempt another under-arm.
1 run, on the pads, on a length, worked around the corner for one.
FOUR runs, Immediate shortening of length, but the angle takes it down leg, and the batsman swivels on the hook to send it flying away to the right of short fine leg. Brings up his fifty too.
no run, lobbed up slower on the stumps, the batsman defends this time.
FOUR runs, inside edge! And it's the result of Rohit being unprepared for the pace and movement. the bowler hits the deck at 144 kph and gets the ball to dart into the right-hander, who tentatively brings his bat down and is lucky not to chop on.
no run, short and just outside off, defended to backward point.
1 run, yorker on middle, this is good, tight bowling, drilled away to the left of mid-off where Stokes hurries across and cuts it off.
OUT, steered straight to short third. Short of a length and across middle stump. Tries to use the angle to play the reverse lap. It comes off the top edge and is an easy take. the batsman's put them on the brink, can't take them over.
no run, gets the length right now. Short of a length, 145ks, jags back in, beats the inside edge.
1 run, middle-stump yorker from round the wicket, shovelled away to wide long-on.
1 run, short and turning into off stump. Punched to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, pushed through quicker at length outside off, Rohit punches this between cover and point. Sublime timing.
1 run, quicker one, angled in, the batsman pushes it to deep midwicket off the backfoot.
1 run, full outside off, and drilled straight down the ground past the bowler's left. Long off's there though.
no run, lots of hesitation. Full and wide, carved to backward point. the batsman and Nair move forward, then backward, then forwards. Then the batsman and Nair both go back. Lots of miscommunication.
2 runs, low full toss outside off, driven to deep extra cover's left.
4 leg byes, he resumes, he runs in and sends this one down the leg side, past the batsman and the keeper for four, off the pads.
FOUR runs, whipped away into the leg side. Pandya bowls flat, and short of a length, and he rocks back to place this between deep square and deep midwicket.
no run, good length and sliding onto the pad, tapped to midwicket.
1 run, full outside off, driven to sweeper cover.
1 run, bounce and angled in from wide of the crease, the batsman looks to pull, the ball deflects off the thigh pad to short fine leg.
no run, length ball just outside off. Tempts him to have a poke. He leaves it alone.
1 bye, beats the batsman with a googly, but he gets off strike as Pant can't gather cleanly. Deflected towards short fine. This spun away from a lengt.
1 run, short of a length in the corridor, looks to pull, mistimes completely. Sliced over the umpire but safe.
no run, cut away, but this is an excellent stop at cover point.
1 run, slower length ball again, on leg stump, tucked behind square.
FOUR runs, short, and he moves back in his crease and pulls this away. Pierces the gap between deep midwicket and backward square leg to perfection.
2 runs, full and straight on middle, he backs away and drills this between long-on and long-off.
FOUR runs, down one one knee as he helps this tripe delivery over short fine. Picked away without much fuss.
no run, full, from around the wicket. Lands on middle, and tapped back to the bowler.
no run, full on off, and check-driven to cover. Rahul runs across to intercept.
1 run, length ball, slower ball, wide outside off. the batsman mistimes a cut in front of square to wide long on.
1 run, thumped into the leg side this time, but Rinku charges around the boundary at deep midwicket and parries the ball back into play, saving runs.
no run, back of a length and breaks away just a shade outside off, the batsman hangs back and stabs it back to the bowler.
1 run, good length on middle stump, pushed to midwicket's right and Thakur has Warner scrambling. Can't get the direct hit at the striker's end.
1 run, jabbed behind square off the inside half.
1 run, out again with a direct hit. A slower legcutter outside off, hit to cover. The fielder again takes aim but misses at the bowler's end.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, outside off, pushed into the off side for one.
1 run, good length and just outside off, watchfully pushed through point off the front foot.
no run, slower ball, on off, he defends to point.
1 run, short ball, slower at 123ks, outside leg, and all the batsman needs is a bit of bat to clear short fine leg. However, he is early into the shot and gets a single off the glove.
OUT, this time he's gone! the bowler sees him back away and fires this full and wide. Faf is so far off that he can't reach the ball and de Kock effects an excellent stumping. Rohit is pumped, the bowler is pumped. There's life in the game or what?.
no run, short of a length around off, punched from the crease.
1 leg bye, back of a length, angling in towards the batsman's hip, cramping him for room. Plays an awkward pull-flick and misses, gets a leg bye off his thigh pad.
SIX runs, short on off stump, and the batsman's waiting to pounce on that length. Rocks back onto the back foot and pulls over deep midwicket!.
no run, angled across him and the batsman is happy to watch it go through.
no run, straight ball on middle, defended back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, drilled past the non-striker. Length ball at middle stump, steps out to make the pitch of this and pumps it powerfully along the ground.
1 run, short of a length outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, full and into the pads, flicked to deep square.
no run, left alone outside off! the bowler pushes this through slightly wider of off stump, and the batsman just lets it past.
no run, chips the ball back with the turn, lands a bit short of the bowler.
1 leg bye, right into the blockhole, squeezed off the pad to the keeper. He walked across to flick but couldn't get any bat on it.
no run, slower ball, almost in the blockhole, the batsman squeezes it out back to the bowler.
1 run, works this with the spin to long-on, was the googly this time.
2 runs, good length on off stump, the batsman comes down the wicket and taps with soft hands towards midwicket. Nobody's there, so they comfortably come for the second run.
1 run, back of a length close to off stump, uses his wrists to work it into the vacant midwicket region.
no run, darted into off, he's back and punching back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, bounces over Samson off the inside edge. Good length and wide outside off, the batsman wants to slash through the off side but gets an under-edge that clears the keeper.
no run, punched back again but the bowler fields.
2 runs, good length on middle, steps out and chips to long-off's right.
1 run, good length on middle stump, and punched to wide long on.
2 runs, yorker at middle stump, shuffles and just manages to squeeze this into the midwicket region.
1 run, forced off the backfoot to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, launched over the sightscreen! Slower ball, picked, he cleared the front leg and smoked this straight down the ground!.
1 run, ooh, lovely flight and dip. Comes forward to defend and the ball drops shorter than anticipated and doesn't turn. Inside edge rolls off the pad towards short fine leg.
1 run, slower ball, full outside off. Opens the face and drives to sweeper cover.
no run, good length on middle and angling sharply into the batsman. The batsman had made some room on the leg side, so the bowler did well to follow him. the batsman taps it towards point.
1 run, good length outside off, chopped to third man off the back foot.
SIX runs, length, swings into him, and he picks this up, and swings it over long leg. Top shot!.
no run, short of a length and wide outside off, under-edge to the keeper on the attempted cut.
1 run, flatter outside off, he moves across and drills it to long-on.
SIX runs, boom too short and the batsman saw it early, rocked back and pulled it high and handsome over deep midwicket.
1 run, out with a direct hit. On the pads, worked to midwicket. The fielder picks up, takes aim and misses at the bowler's end.
1 run, good length on middle stump, punched on the up to long-on.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, steps out and punches to deep extra-cover.
no run, full outside off, Hardik looks to tap it away to the off side to retain strike but gets too close to it and ends up pushing it back to the bowler.
no run, googly at a length on leg stump, defended off the back foot.
1 run, slow cutter on middle stump at 111kmh, the batsman watchfully pushes straight down the ground for one towards mid-on.
no run, full toss, angled in, and he fails to whip it away as he wears it on the pad.
no run, backs away to play the upper cut, but is beaten for pace.
SIX runs, straight down the ground again. the bowler slides this into the batsman's leg stump, and he gets the front leg out and pummels it for six more.
no run, the bottom hand comes off the bat as he drives to cover.
1 run, slower one outside off, looks to hit it through extra cover but ends up playing it uppishly, well short of Raina though.
SIX runs, just too short from the bowler as he looks to bowl flat, and the batsman pulls this over deep midwicket, the bigger boundary.
no run, skids one through on a length outside off, turned back to the bowler.
no run, good length and just outside off at 143kph. Punched on the up to mid-off.
no run, there is some gas in this short ball. Cross-seam, just outside off, and flies over the batsman's pull.
1 run, short ball, the batsman can't get on top of that as he pulls away to midwicket.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched on the up to extra cover.
SIX runs, has that been dropped?. Jadeja has hurt his hand quite badly, seems like. And it's his bowling hand. Karun whacked this full toss over deep midwicket and Jadeja leaps and the ball flicks his thumb before continuing on its path over the boundary.
OUT, the third bouncer of the over? It's short again, goes past Rinku's pull again. Kohli thinks there is a definite edge on the pull. So he chooses to review. That is definitely at least the second bouncer of the over? RCB keep bowling bouncers and keep getting away with it, not their fault if the umpires are not calling them, obviously. Replays indicate there is an edge on that, so Rinku will have to go. He should have got at least one no-ball this over, though. I've not seen a single one-bouncer signal from an umpire today.
FOUR runs, short-arm whip. Lovely. Length and climbing up at the body. Stays behind the line and deposits this between deep midwicket and long-on.
1 run, short ball outside off, cuts to sweeper cover off the bottom of the bat.
FOUR runs, full just outside off, and this time the batsman manages to read the turn. Picks the legbreak, and then smashes it over Rashid's head.
no run, full and across off stump, feebly poke at it and is beaten.
2 runs, this one's lofted over cover, down to the boundary rider. Gowtham had 10 yards or so to move to his left, back comfortably for the second.
1 run, punches this down to long on for an easy single.
2 runs, the batsman uses his feet, meets a full-toss, slices it down to deep third man. the batsman hurtles back for the second, Parthiv takes the bails off without gathering Ashwin's throw from the deep. the batsman dives and makes it.
1 run, skiddy length ball angling in, hops across to tuck this square for a single.
no run, beats the outside edge as the batsman is stranded. No feet as he hangs the bat out in the corridor. It fizzes past him.
1 run, big inswinger onto the pads. the batsman falls over into the off side and glances uppishly towards fine leg.
1 wide, a bouncer this time, the batsman was once again looking to back away but it's too high and he let's it go, a wide.
no run, DOT BALL! Full and wide, an offbreak, pushed to cover from the crease.
no run, some more swing this, slightly fuller, beats him, but seems to have hit outside the line. Going high anyway.
1 run, shortish, but on leg. Worked down to fine leg for a run.
FOUR runs, breaks that pressure with a neat flick through backward square leg. Was an exceptional over till that point, but the line was errant and the batsman's off.
1 wide, slower short ball, gets up too much, and called a wide.
1 run, slower ball at a length on middle stump, flicks uppishly into the midwicket region.
1 run, slower ball on leg stump. Was he looking to chip that towards long-off? Maybe. Ends up miscuing it, driving it on the bounce to long-on instead.
OUT, sliced straight to extra cover! This is full and just outside off. He clears the front leg and wants to go inside-out over extra. The fielder is right on the circle and the batsman's bat turns in the hands. This is a simple catch for Mandeep.
1 run, more luck for the batsman. Completely done in by a slower ball, and gets a thick inside edge on the slog. His body is in the way, though, and saves him from getting bowled.
SIX runs, pulls it over the midwicket boundary. Short of a length at middle stump, rising up at the hips and he gets his weight onto the front foot as he pulls.
1 run, on a length, on off, driven to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, that's awful bowling. Short and wide, and at the bowler's pace, it's a gift for the batsman as he opens up for a late slap through backward point.
FOUR runs, that's width! Good length outside off, the batsman stands tall and punches through cover for four. On the up.
FOUR runs, shortish and outside off, the batsman delays his cut and finds the gap between backward point and short third man for four.
1 run, back of a length, chopped down past the stumps via a bottom edge and they scamper through.
no run, fuller, wide outside off, he's through his drive without any timing and finds cover.
1 run, back of a length and skids in on middle and leg, Tiway hangs back and forces it down the ground.
2 runs, another intentful glide into the covers.
1 run, driven on the up to mid off, the batsman is off the mark.
FOUR runs, guides it past short third man. the bowler made to pay for his leg stump line. It's full, it's fast enough - Dhawan shovels it past the fielder.
2 runs, slower ball, a full toss dipping outside off. Gets low and drags this wide of mid-on with a check.
1 run, length outside off, gets the front foot out of the way and slaps at this. Off the outside half down to long-off.
2 runs, safely into the turf at mid-off. Good length, wide outside off, attempted sweep and it's a top edge that evades Smith running back from extra cover by some distance.
no run, wow what is happening here. Slower yorker gets the batsman on the toe. He's resting on his at and looking into the floor as his partner wants the run. He's run all the way next to the batsman before turning. The bowler has responded late, turns around and tries to long it in the direction of Kohli who's running in from extra cover. But he can't hang on and the opportunity for the run out is gone.
1 run, the sweep, the googly outside off. Rashid gets some bat on his sweep, one to deep square leg.
no run, turn for Patel. On a length, just outside off, and the batsman plays him back watchfully.
no run, full outside off, gets his front leg into the leg side and drives straight to mid-off.
no run, good length and sliding on at middle stump, backs away and punches to extra cover.
FOUR runs, lovely loft straight over the bowler. This is full outside off, he puts in a small stride to get to the pitch and is clear about where he wants to hit that. Just a gentle raise of the bat after meeting the ball on the drive.
no run, another drive towards wide long-off but intercepted by the short straight extra cover.
FOUR runs, a poor ball. Royals are flying. Short and wide outside off, the batsman slices an upper cut over point. Bad bowling.
OUT, caught at long on! He didn't get this one. It was full in the slot, just like the two he hit off Sodhi, he miscues this, dragging it flat towards long on, Livingstone waits and takes the catch easily.
1 run, nearly a yorker, the batsman can't get under it. Single to long-on.
no run, length ball, angling in, defended to leg.
1 run, length around off, punches towards mid-on and takes on the fielder for another quick run. No direct throw this time.
no run, dropped. Short of a length, hit hard, hit back at him, but he spills it.
FOUR runs, short, and Moeen looks to flick this. Takes the top edge and flies over Karthik through to third man for four.
3 runs, carrom ball, the batsman looks to punch it, gets a thick outside edge, and Rabada misfields it at short third man to concede two extra runs.
no run, yorker length at off stump, gets the front leg out and jams it straight to extra cover.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and pulling hard to long on.
OUT, he's whipped this straight to Rashid at deep midwicket. Wasn't far from clearing the ropes, right intent. Just the execution was a little off. Mavi backed away, got under the delivery and hit it well. Rashid was on the move to his left, kept his composure and took this. The crucial thing from KKR's point of view is Shubman Gill will be on strike.
1 wide, sprayed wide outside off, well past the marker.
1 run, walks across the stumps and whips this length ball down to long on.
OUT, taken at point! the bowler, much like Axar, keeps inviting the batsman to step out. Beats him in flight yet again and this time the catch is taken - and just about. Dhawan is pedaling sideways, then back, then front-on and then backwards again before he swivels and hangs on in front of his chest and holds on as he tumbles. the batsman was looking to slug across the line and got a top edge.
SIX runs, Riyan the batsman is turning it on He's a teenager and he's just hit IPL 2019's MVP for a six over long-on, even though it wasn't perfectly timed. Own medicine and all that for the bowler. Brathwaite at long-on was interested and leapt up, but the ball went over him.
1 run, length ball around off, goes back and steers it towards sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, slashes and gets a thick outside edge that flies over the slip fielder.
no run, shapes to squeeze this yorker outside off, beaten.
no run, length ball tossed up at off stump and nervous flick straight to short midwicket.
2 runs, good length and into leg stump. Leans in and swishes at that. Pings off the inside half to midwicket's right.
no run, good length and spins away outside off. Hurriedly poked into the off side off the back foot.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, dabbed in front of backward point for one.
no run, short on off, tucks the batsman for room, played back to the bowler.
1 run, carrom ball on leg stump, punched quietly to deep midwicket.
no run, on a length, holding its line in front of off. Defended.
2 runs, good length and onto the pads at 147kph. Nice movement of the feet to get deep in the crease and clips languidly to deep square's left.
1 run, a shortish delivery on off, pulled over long-on.
no run, shapes to drive but misses. Beaten by extra turn.
no run, better line and length, draws the batsman into the forward defence outisde off.
2 runs, a slower length ball, wide outside off, the batsman was early into the shot, checks his shot and hits it towards long-off, sprints back for the second.
2 runs, moves across and clips this off his pads, places it well enough to beat short fine leg and get a couple.
no run, misses out on a full toss. Outside off, wanted to beat Jofra at short third to the right but finds him again.
2 runs, googly outside off. Shuffles right across to get behind it and pull wide of long-on.
no run, back of a length, popping past the left-hander who doesn't quite pick one of the bowler's myriad variations.
1 run, slow good length ball turning away wide outside  off, reaches out and sweeps down to long-on.
1 run, length ball, outside off, driven to deep cover for one more.
FOUR runs, width and he's hammered this to the point boundary like a - insert your favourite word -  tracer bullet .
no run, a bouncer this time, following the batsman who sways away from it. Excellent bowling this from the bowler, mixing it up well.
1 run, full and straight, wristily driven to long-on for one.
1 run, shorter on the hip, 136kph, he tucks this away forward of square.
FOUR runs, bangs in a bouncer, the batsman is hurried for pace but he pivots on the back foot and hooks just in time to get four runs fine on the leg side.
1 run, touch closer to off, there's still room and he drives it late to deep backward point.
1 run, length around off, dabs it towards points and sneaks in a quick single.
OUT, trapped in front of middle and off! Half-tracker outside off and holds its line. Too quick for the batsman, and the ball stays low too, as the batsman misses the leg-side whip. Goes under his bat, and hits his front leg. An easy call for the umpire.
no run, bouncer in the corridor, sways away to let it go.
1 run, fuller, straighter, and it's flicked to Gayle at midwicket, eliciting a cheer from the crowd.
1 run, length at off stump, punched to mid-off on the rise.
1 run, full on off, an that's been clipped off his pads to midwicket.
SIX runs, these boundaries are so short, that's another six over the covers! Short again outside off and the batsman stayed still until slapping that flat and well over the covers.
FOUR runs, short, wide, this is not good from the bowler. This time he plays the back-foot drive, in front of deep cover. Such good timing. All along the ground.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut to third man.
no run, short, and aimed at the batsman's head! Does well to sway and get away. Nice bounce.
no run, a length delivery around off, that's a much better length. Defended back.
1 run, full, just wide outside off, and driven to wide long off.
no run, very full length, clears the front leg to ease the ball back to the bowler.
1 run, good length and across middle stump. Dropped into the covers with soft hands.
1 run, on a length, on off, 140ks, worked to leg for one.
no run, was lining him up to go over long-on, but didn't get to the pitch and ended up defending from the crease.
no run, legbreak, back of a length, stops on the batsman again and he blocks it back to the bowler.
no run, flatter on the leg stump, pushed towards short midwicket from the front foot.
1 run, fullish, sliding into middle and leg, pushed down the ground to long-on.
1 run, full on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, full on middle stump, pushed down the pitch off the front foot.
FOUR runs, brilliance. Full ball on the stumps, bowled a bit quicker, the batsman gives himself room and carves it over extra cover for a peachy boundary.
SIX runs, helps it over the roof. Short ball up at hip height, on middle stump. Head right on top of that from KL the batsman as he pulls from under it and sends it a long way.
1 run, short, and he swings this around towards long leg. They want two, but Imran Tahir does well to attack the ball and keep it down to one.
1 run, on the bounce to long-on. Length ball, holds in the pitch and turns a touch. He hits on the up anyway, across the line.
1 run, pulls to deep square leg; a rare slower, short ball from Rashid.
1 run, googly, short outside off, cut away to deep point.
2 runs, full, on the pads, worked towards fine leg with soft hands, and comes back for two.
FOUR runs, picked up over square leg. the bowler with the inswinger this time at the stumps and the batsman is waiting on it. Tiny stride to keep some room before he goes aerial with the flick.
SIX runs, through extra cover's hands! Full outside off, and the batsman smacks this over cover. The man in the deep sticks his hands up, but the powerful shot goes through his palm. Brings up his half-century as well.
1 run, full toss on middle, and driven down to the bowler. Parries the ball away to mid-off.
FOUR runs, just short of a length, not the most well-timed of pulls but enough to carry to the deep midwicket boundary.
no run, fast low full toss at the base of the leg stump. the batsman makes room and saves his toes, and then jams the bat down on it.
1 run, slower ball, outside off, and he drives this towards backward point.
1 run, full on middle stump, and driven towards the on side. Beats the diving midwicket fielder, but intercepted by mid on.
no run, oooh, just past the outside edge. For all the flack he's got, the bowler is doing well. Brings this into the batsman and he plays inside the line, caught on the crease a bit. The ball goes past the outside edge.
1 run, full on off and angling into his pads. Suryakumar shuffles across to the off side and drives towards mid on. Diving effort from Russell at mid on saves the team a certain boundary.
1 run, nearly a run-out. the batsman runs after hitting to mid-off, and he is casual in trying to make it. Iyer has nearly caught him off guard but misses the stumps. He is gone if Iyer hits.
FOUR runs, he's walloped this pull to deep square. Too short, the batsman had decided he'll pull no matter what. Hit it cleanly too.
1 run, fuller, almost a yorker on the leg stump, the batsman clips it towards deep midwicket, only a single.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched to deep cover for one.
1 run, sharp bouncer, 140ks, following him, pulled to long leg.
no run, short of a good length, aimed for the top of off. Tapped into the covers.
1 run, slower ball at a length outside off, gets deep in the crease and drags it aerially to long-on.
no run, short and just outside off, punched to extra cover.
no run, lbw shout as this rips back in sharply. Faf with the front leg planted across for a flick. That's turning past leg stump.
no run, full on middle and off, drilled down to mid-on.
FOUR runs, short outside off, de Villiers shuffles across and swats it away to deep squareleg's right and into the fence.
no run, length ball, jags back into the batsman, and raps him on the pads as he looks to defend. A polite appeal from behind the wickets, but the bowler probably realises this was bouncing a bit, and probably tailing down leg.
no run, slow bouncer, it beats the batsman completely. Can't get close.
FOUR runs, oh sweet. Just gets the weight into the ball here outside off. It's good length outside off, never really uses a big stride but the timing and the weight into it means his cover drives always pack power. This one does and it's to extra cover's left.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, comes on the front foot to work it to deep midwicket.
1 run, uses his feet to come down to a length ball, and flicks it to long leg.
no run, another slower one, length on off, and the batsman blocks off the front foot.
no run, down the wicket, beaten in the flight, there is appeal for pad first, but this is turning too much. Not given.
2 runs, beautiful push-drive through the covers, but the sweeper cover will keep them down to two.
no run, full ball, some shape, hits the outside half of the bat as he looks to work this to leg.
no run, goes right through! The googly outside off, the batsman gets forward and prods but the ball finds a massive gap between bat and pad. Does not hit the stumps.
1 run, back of a length, gets it to bounce from outside off to just below the batsman's chest, who dabs it down on the onside and they run a quick single. 145 kph.
2 runs, good length, slower ball at off stump. Closes the face and picks this up to deep midwicket's left. Shankar had no real chance of stopping the second, and he fumbled it anyway running to his left.
1 run, good length at middle stump, clipped to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, good length on the pads, flicked to deep square.
1 run, again he denies him any room and Dhawan tucks this off the hip for a single square of short fine leg.
no run, good length at leg stump, flicked straight to midwicket.
1 run, length, and he taps it towards short midwicket, and then has to rush through for the run as he responds to Pant's call. Rashid gets to it and throws at the striker's end.
1 run, tossed up, and he drives this towards long off.
1 run, works this with the spin to deep midwicket. Picked the googly nicely there, did the batsman.
no run, turn and bounce and de Villiers is beaten, it's been the theme of the evening.
1 run, slow on middle, driven to long-off with the spin.
1 run, just short of third man! Flat and wide outside off, slashed away towards the fielder, the ball lands in front and ricochets away off the body.
no run, good length on off, and spinning into the batsman. Punched to cover.
1 run, short outside off, steps out and gets an under-edge on the pull.
no run, slower short ball outside off. The revs mean this ball grips and goes over the batsman's attempted cut.
FOUR runs, outside edge goes for four would you believe it, the ball after slip has gone, Rohit drives away from his body and gets a thick outside edge that goes for four.
no run, slower ball, short of a length, beats his pull.
FOUR runs, lucky runs. Short of a lenngth, just outside off, holds its line, takes the outside edge, and the batsman's soft hands make sure it doesn't fly. Wide of slip it goes.
no run, full on the pads, the batsman misses the flick shot and gets an inside edge back on to the pad.
1 run, slower ball, down the leg side, the batsman wants four and not the wide. However, the change of pace means he doesn't get all of this. Just the single to square leg.
SIX runs, bursts through Suryakumar Yadav's hands at deep extra cover another dropped chance off Rahul the bowler in the over. Moeen took a big stride out and played the lofted drive over extra cover. Didn't time it perfectly, but Surya, running across couldn't hold on.
no run, goes wider of the crease and fires it in full and on leg, the batsman can only pat it straight back.
1 run, length around off, comes forward and turns it towards square leg.
1 run, flatter on the pads, clipped to deep square leg.
1 run, full on off stump, jammed down to long-on.
1 run, slower legcutter again, half-volley, driven to long-on for one.
1 run, length outside off, swatted towards mid-on without any timing and they scamper one.
1 run, the batsman rides the bounce of this short ball outside off and cuts to deep point.
1 run, front-of-the-hand delivery, ends up dragging it short, pulled firmly and on the bounce to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, length, angled in, down the leg side, and all the batsman has to do is get a slight deflection and it races away for four.
no run, back of a length on off, and he walks inside the line of the ball, before pushing it towards the leg side.
no run, length ball outside off, spins in sharply and beats him as he looks to play the reverse sweep.
SIX runs, crosses the boundary while taking the catch! It just did not look like the batsman got that much into this pull. He's got his eyes off the ball, which by the way is getting big on him. He whips it as it climbs up towards his chest, Bhuvi's down there, he tracks it really well, backpedals to the boundary, leaps up, takes it with both hands - but the momentum takes him over the ropes.
2 runs, a floater outside off, fuller in length, hits it hard towards long-off, Jadeja is quick off the blocks and completes the second easily.
FOUR runs, length on leg stump, allows it to come on and flicks aerially to the long leg boundary.
1 run, short of a length, no room, punched to deep point for one.
1 run, short at off stump, punched to sweeper.
OUT, short outside off, and the batsman's pulled it straight to the man on the boundary! Keemo Paul hardly had to move there, at deep square leg. CSK will have to wait just a little longer.
1 run, tries for the yorker, but a little off, and flicked off his toes to midwicket. Rana fumbles again but recovers and runs back to collect the ball.
FOUR runs, okay, lets unwrap this. First he moves his back leg outside leg. Then he leaps across his stumps. Then he has to deal with a slower ball and even through all that he somehow keeps his head and dabs it behind point and all the way to the boundary.
FOUR runs, the batsman is not messing around here. Bishnoi tosses this up wide, and he sweeps this hard and down the ground. Wide of long-on it goes, and he didn't have far to go to his right, mind.
no run, back of a length, 142kph, angling into middle stump and denying the batsman room as he tries to create some. Dabbed gently to backward point.
no run, length on off stump, dead-batted into the off side on the front foot.
OUT, big shriek of a YES from Kohli as the batsman sweeps all around a full legbreak. He is bowled neck and crop. The off stump gone. the bowler comes back and creates a chance. Who would have thought?.
1 leg bye, looks to pull this short ball, it skids on to his his thigh pad and go away for a leg-bye.
no run, reaches out and drives this straight to extra cover.
FOUR runs, the batsman starts with a sweep that goes over the bowler's head, immense power. A flat-batted smash.
no run, oh nearly a repeat of the last dismissal with this angling in from round the wicket and hitting his pad. Except this time it is going down.
no run, good length outside off, pushed into the covers.
OUT, is that an edge? Yes! the batsman leans in and pokes feebly at a ferocious legbreak outside off. Thin edge. Dhoni hangs on. Of course. And a massive win is sealed.
1 run, fullish on the stumps, clipped to long-on.
no run, good length and sliding away from the corridor. Thick outside edge to short third man as he gets forward to defend.
1 run, and now he yorks the batsman. Just the single.
1 run, reverse paddle, but no control, bounces in front of Watson running in from short third man.
1 run, works this with the spin to deep midwicket.
2 runs, full on middle and leg, shuffles across and whips with the wrists to deep square.
no run, overpitched outside off, and the new man fails to squeeze it away. Hits his back leg, but where did it hit his leg? Impact outside off, so the batsman should be safe. Apparently, there was an inside edge as well.
1 run, good length on leg stump, and it's a quicker ball to welcome the batsman! Hits his front leg, but would've probably gone down the leg side. the batsman wanted the run, though, but he's quickly asked to go back.
1 run, the batsman moves outside leg, the bowler goes full and wide, smeared away to sweeper cover.
1 run, googly, breaks back in on off, Faf does not read it, inside-edged down to long-on.
1 run, good length on off stump, and no spin on offer for now. He comes down the wicket and bunts it towards midwicket.
2 runs, lands safely. Another slower bouncer, Moeen goes for the pull but doesn't time it well, but luckily for him, it lands well short of a charging in Jadeja from deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, thick outside edge and beats third man to his left. Good length just outside off, walks into that and looks to drive on the up. Loses his shape, retains some luck.
1 run, the batsman is looking for the golf swing as the bowler pitches this up. Gets a thick inside edge for one.
1 run, slower ball, full on middle, and nudged away to deep midwicket.
OUT, the batsman ventures down the track and skies it. Rohit runs across to his right from extra cover, this was the bowler's catch but he leaves it to his captain. Rohit stretches across to his right and hangs onto it. For a moment, I thought this was going to fall between Rohit and the bowler. It was poor shot from the batsman. He steps out, slogs against the turn and holes out.
1 run, slower ball outside off, fullish, jabbed to extra-cover, who's on the edge of the circle so an easy single is on offer.
no run, length on off stump, steps out, is beaten in flight and is forced to block this.
no run, beaten. Jumps past the outside edge. Short of a good length just outside off and seams away rapidly as he has a chop at this.
1 run, a low full toss on the pads, flicked away towards deep-backward square leg.
1 run, short ball straight up, pulled unconvincingly to deep squareleg for one. Could have gone anywhere.
1 run, chopped from off stump to backward point.
2 runs, full toss on off stump, Vijay lofts down the ground for a couple of runs.
1 run, uses his feet to get to a length ball, and punches it down to long off.
no run, yorker at off stump, the attempted drive trickles off the toe-end to extra cover.
SIX runs, excellent execution over the covers! He stepped out early, the bowler pitched it wide outside off and the batsman confidently lofted that inside-out over the covers for a clean six.
1 run, full slower ball at middle stump. Checks himself as he looks to flick. Trickles to midwicket's right.
no run, straighter this time, pushed to short midwicket.
FOUR runs, steps leg side, then back in normal position at the crease and sweeps a length ball in line with the stumps to the square leg boundary.
1 run, slow in the air around leg, swept away nicely for one.
no run, covers the line of this fuller - but flatter - delivery on middle and keeps it out.
no run, good length at middle stump, punched to midwicket.
2 runs, down the wicket, slightly early into the shot but clears midwicket with a swipe.
1 wide, short and wide outside off. Sharma doesn't have to play at it.
2 runs, short of a length, slower ball, the batsman walks at him and places this square of deep midwicket for two.
1 wide, length and swung down leg side, beaten on the attempted flick.
1 run, short-arm jab, picked the bones out of that but straight to deep square leg.
(no ball) 4 byes, oh well done getting out of the way. That. Was. Scary. Absolutely terrifying  - a beamer from Jofra headed straight for Hardik's head. He just manages to get under that. It was 152kph. It's got everyone, including Buttler. Snuck under him. Holds up his hands in apology.
1 run, good length outside off, and punched off the front foot to sweeper cover. Easy pickings.
FOUR runs, oh he bowls wide outside off to avoid that slog weep, but the batsman is not that one-dimensional. He plays the cover drive to take four on the off side. Effortless batting.
no run, back of a length and outside off, the batsman charges out and drills it so straight, it it hits the stumps at the other end. No deflection from the bowler.
SIX runs, going, going, gone! Half-tracker from the bowler, sliding into leg stump and the batsman rocks back before pulling this over backward square. Massive.
no run, Rohit's down the track this time, but the bowler spot him coming and pulls his length ball, the ball spinning in to hit his thigh pad.
1 run, Curran is bowling a great over. After two dots, he bowls wide outside off and full, and has been drilled down to long-off for one. Bowling to his field again.
1 run, back of a length outside off, but too slow. DK has all the time to cut it exactly where he wants. Hit to the man in the deep though.
1 run, offcutter, length ball outside off, and guided to short third man for a quick single.
1 run, length on middle stump, punched handsomely back down the pitch, but the bowler lunges to the right and parries it to long-on.
no run, good length, outside off, the batsman ignores it like the due date on a phone bill.
no run, length ball on off, and he goes deep into his crease. Tapped to cover, but straight to the fielder.
1 run, stands nice and tall over this delivery on his pads and clips it to deep midwicket. Very slick.
FOUR runs, even fuller and outside off, Rohit frees his arms and laces a drive through the covers. The ball fizzes away to the boundary.
1 run, Karun steps out, the bowler gives this legbreak a big rip, top-edges a sweep in front of deep midwicket.
no run, short and wide, slapped to point who half-stops it.
no run, good length and straightening outside off. Keeps low as he looks for the back foot punch. Beaten.
no run, slower ball, on a length, just outside off. Defended to cover.
1 run, goes down on a knee and swat-sweeps it behind square for one.
1 run, yorker on the stumps, driven to mid-off.
2 runs, fuller on the stumps, drives inside out, beats extra cover but there is protection in deep.
4 leg byes, length and at the hips, waits on that and nudges it fine. Nice way to resume cricket or not, it's off the pads says the umpire.
SIX runs, clears the straight boundary with some force! Length ball in the corridor, front foot into the leg side and drilled flat over to long-on's right.
no run, slower through the air, hit straight to extra cover. Another dot.
FOUR runs, the bowler bowls on-pace now, but pitches it too full. the batsman is in too good a touch to be sparing these plum half-volleys. He is pinging the cover fence.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched down to long-on for one.
OUT, takes leg stump. A googly from the bowler and he shakes his head. That is revenge taken. Perhaps one of his easier ones. Good length ball on off and this one is as rash as the last one was classy. No feet, all hoick.
1 run, on a length, in the slow, on-pace, but Mann nearly holes out. Bounces in front of deep square leg.
1 run, full on middle stump, and the batsman's smart to simply play it down the ground for a single. It's already been an expensive over, and all they need to do is see the over out.
1 run, full on the stumps, he clears his leg and wants to send it over cow corner but the ball trickles to square leg off the toe end. They get only one run, but that also brings up Moeen's fifty.
1 run, what a start! Did Rana get some hand on it? A back of a length delivery on middle and leg, it bounced and took off. Took the shoulder of the bat, towards Rana's right at wide slip. Somehow, the ball bursts out. That will go down as a drop.
FOUR runs, slower ball, but overpitched on leg stump. Too easy for the batsman who uses his long levers to whip this over midwicket. No one in the deep there.
no run, good length and just outside off, poked into the off side with the angle.
1 run, slower short ball, which Rohit deflects to short third man, then looks up to see if his partner wants the single. Surya does and they get it easily enough.
FOUR runs, over mid-off first ball for four! Not sure why that happened but Mitch bowled it straight and full on the off stump for the batsman to loft that over a leaping mid-off for four.
1 run, good length outisde off, jabs with hard hands and gets it into the square leg region with a closed face.
1 run, quick, flat, on a length, pushed to deep cover for one.
OUT, that's two in the over for Moeen! Length on middle, the batsman plays back when he should have been forward, it skids on rather that turning away and strikes him plumb in front. Moeen the bowler has spun RCB back into the contest in four balls.
1 run, overpitched, a bit of width, and the batsman will be displeased that he couldn't beat the infield with that drive. Timed it well, to the right of extra-cover but too close to the fielder.
OUT, the bowler has another Mumbai wicket. He is single-handedly keeping them in the contest. the batsman looks to keep attacking to look to deny DC their plan for bowling high pace in the back 10. He charges out, the bowler slows it down, he looks to go inside-out, but all he gets is a toe-end. Caught at long-off.
no run, length on off stump, pushed to short third off the outside half.
no run, wide length ball, driven on the toe end to point.
SIX runs, boom too short and Moeen rocks back and pulls powerfully, well over deep midwicket.
SIX runs, smoked over square leg! Sweeet connection. What timing this is. Short and rising in the corridor. Hardly any feet movement but the weight is into the ball as he brings out quick hands and sends this off the middle of the bat with the pull.
1 run, full and wide outside off, driven to long-off.
no run, hurried on the pull this time, straight to midwicket.
1 run, just wide of the bowler. Quick offbreak, leading edge, to the right of the bowler, just out of reach. No need to dive now.
1 run, another carrom ball, starts outside leg, turns towards the stumps, worked into the leg side.
1 run, quicker, on a length, outside off, punched to long-off for one.
no run, he walks down early and is beaten wafting wide of off.
no run, short of a length, no room, opens the face, can't beat point.
SIX runs, full on middle and the batsman is tearing into the bowlers! Went deep in his crease, which allowed him to get under it and pick it up over deep squareleg.
1 run, tossed up, but very wide outside off. Forces the batsman to reach at it, and all he can do is carve it to the man at point.
1 run, length ball on middle, and he goes deep into his crease. Muscles a pull to wide long on this time.
1 wide, full and down leg side, can't get the flick away.
1 run, length ball wide outside off, gets big on him as he leans in for the drive on the rise. Thick outside edge to third man.
1 run, length ball around leg stump, a bit of turn, the batsman flicks it towards square leg.
FOUR runs, unlucky for Lockie the batsman goes for another pull without feet moving too much, gets another inside edge. This one runs past the stumps very fine and for four.
1 wide, full and down leg side, beaten on the flick.
FOUR runs, nice shot. Stands his ground, gets this short ball, and elegantly pulls him over midwicket. No violence here.
2 runs, slides back in from wide of the crease, the batsman works this into the gap at square leg. the bowler got this to drift back in a long way.
1 run, fuller around off, struck nicely but straight towards long-off.
no run, length outside off, not sure what the batsman was looking for, leaves it alone in the end.
1 run, length on middle, tucked away towards midwicket for one.
2 runs, very full on the stumps and the batsman moves across to clip it off his toes to fine leg. Sprints hard to come back for the second, no direct hit so he's safe.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched to deep cover for one.
1 run, flicked into the leg side for another single.
1 run, Arshdeep saves three. the batsman backs away to punch, gets an outside edge fine of short third, but Arshdeep puts in the big dive to keep them down to one.
no run, Dhoni claims a one-handed catch behind the stumps. Umpire Barde refers it to Nitin Menon, the TV umpire. The soft signal is out Skids on middle, non turner, Buttler backs away outside leg, and looks to smash it through the covers. He inside-edges the ball onto the boot, the ball touches the ground, before Dhoni grabs it with one hand.
1 run, slow, on a length, and he punches this down to long-on.
1 run, slower ball to end the over, bunted to square leg for one.
no run, on a length, pretty straight, pushed back to him.
no run, slower ball, back of a length outside off. Moeen is way too early into his pull and the ball thuds into his chest.
no run, the batsman shuffles across off, yorker just outside leg, the batsman does not make contact. Not called a wide. Did that flick the pad?.
1 run, flat and quick on middle and leg, pushed to long-on for one. Another tidy over.
no run, flatter and quicker from Rashid, the batsman comes forward and pushes it towards non-striker, Rashid slides across, picks it up and throws to Bairstow, the batsman was looking for a single but gets back just in time.
1 run, short of a length at off stump, pushed to point's left.
FOUR runs, back to bowling wide, but the batsman manages to reach it. It just short of being a yorker, and the batsman steers it over short third man.
1 run, premeditates a sweep and wastes a juicy foll toss on the pads. Gets a single to long leg.
no run, wild! Short on leg stump, but going down the leg side. He's lucky that the batsman had shuffled across to the leg side as well. Hits his shoulder guard and goes to the keeper.
FOUR runs, he's made that boundary for himself. Front leg into the leg side and he waited. The offcutter was at his body, but he managed to slice from inside it and beat Chawla's dive to the right at third man.
no run, misses a full toss. That couldn't have been different from the throwdowns he was taking earlier. Shin height full toss outside off but he can't get any bat on it whatsoever as he looks to drive.
1 run, outside off, and he whips this with his wrists towards extra cover.
SIX runs, Twenty-two runs off the over! What a way to end the Powerplay. Length ball on off, and the batsman backs away to power it over wide long on this time. Swings away, and connects with it well enough for it to soar over the boundary rope. Big, big over. End of the Powerplay too, and they've taken the time-out as well.
1 run, tries to play inside out over cover, but takes the bat's inside edge. These batsmen are having a rough time facing Rashid. It landed wide outside off, and enticed the batsman to drive. Comes in, and finds the bat's inside edge.
FOUR runs, hoicked from outside off, gets this one bounce into the ropes at deep square leg. Dragged this a long way, lucky to get away with it.
no run, yorker. Dub out back to him. Excellent over. No boundary.
FOUR runs, inside edge zips past short fine. A full, straight ball and the batsman has his front leg out of the way to get a short-arm helicopter in. Finds the boundary.
no run, Suryakumar the batsman backs away outside leg, the bowler runs in hard, hits the pitch harder and finds extra bounce to zip past the bat.
1 run, flatter on the stumps, goes for the paddle but the ball hasn't gone anywhere. Dhoni picks it up and flicks at the stumps to hit direct, the LED lights lit up but the bails sit back in their grooves. the batsman was short of his ground despite putting in the dive, they collect an overthrow though.
FOUR runs, outside edge flies past the keeper. Or takes is thumb as he sticks out the right hand. 148kph yorker outside off. the batsman looks to slice, too late on it.
FOUR runs, fuller ball, and goes off the outside edge and runs away past Bumrah at short third man and runs away for four. the batsman may have been shaping to flick this, but the output is something he won't mind.
SIX runs, that's another six! the batsman's taking off after looking exhausted for a little while and struggling to time anything. Full on off, slower ball, spotted by the batsman and hammered flat and hard over the bowler's head for six.
1 run, yorker, on leg stump, from around the wicket. Toe-ends the drive to long on.
no run, nearly a stumping. Uncharacteristic shot, leaving the crease, looking for a big hit. Pandya slides this wide, and he manages to get some bat on it. Otherwise gone.
1 run, short of a length and wide outside off, whipped to long-on off the back foot.
no run, well bowled. Back of a length outside off, the ball comes back in this time. That's Bhuvi's strength. Defended awkwardly.
2 runs, short and just outside off, hangs leg side of that and chops to third man's right. Rabada with a big lunge and slide to his right.
1 run, back of a length outside off, but angling into Tripathi. Tries an extravagant cut, and the ball finds the edge of his bat. Sliced to third man.
1 run, full on off stump, and the batsman whips this off his pads to long on.
1 run, tossed up, but wide outside off. Stays on the backfoot and slashes it square to the man in the deep.
1 run, turns this gently into the leg side for an easy single.
OUT, caught behind! Great catch from Dhoni. It was fired short and wide at speed, the batsman flashed at a cut shot, he got quite a healthy deflection and Dhoni's gloves swallowed it.
1 run, angled down behind point, just the one.
FOUR runs, and now a lovely bit of a touch play as he opens the face and guides this to third man, such delicate use of the wrists.
1 run, nicely done by the bowler, in the block hole on off and the batsman blocks it for a single.
no run, leaps off his feet to control a short ball outside off and run it down to point.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, pushed to mid-on.
no run, full outside off, pushes at it with hard hands and finds cover.
1 run, slaps this full delivery outside off towards long off.
no run, back of a length on off, tries to swat it with a horizontal bat but ends up under-edging back to the bowler's left.
2 runs, full and straight, clipped between square leg and deep midwicket for two more.
no run, full at middle stump, shuffles and flicks to midwicket.
1 run, good length and shaping away, wide outside off, slashed down to third man.
3 runs, pushed through outside off, the new ball doesn't turn, the batsman stays leg-side of the ball and scythes it over cover-point. Karn Nair chases the ball hard, slides, and hauls it into play.
OUT, that is that. The the batsman experiment hasn't worked at all. the batsman skies it in the air off a leading edge, trying to pick it up off his legs, it goes straight up in the silly point region. the bowler seems to be settling under it but Uthappa is charging in from short cover too and snaffles it right from under the bowler's nose almost. Luckily no collision with Uthappa showing some nimble footwork. Smiles all around from KKR.
1 leg bye, fullish, angled in at the pads, clipped to square leg.
no run, length ball, angles across him, and he defends this.
2 runs, slower ball on middle, the batsman is deceived b the change in pace as he tries to lift it to the on side, it hung in the air forever but luckily for him fell well short of long-on.
1 run, the batsman shimmies out and punches on the up to mid-off.
OUT, the bowler gets another batsman with a wide slow legbreak. Unlike Yadav, the batsman Pandya looks to clear long-off. This doesn't turn back, and takes the toe end for a catch to long-off.
FOUR runs, good length and into the pads. Walks into that, as he does, and clips it through midwicket.
1 run, slower in the air, overpitched, driven down to long-on for one.
SIX runs, and now he shows the power. It is BOSS TIME. the bowler goes shorter than the two previous balls, and this bounces only slightly higher than the waist. He pulls it over midwicket.
1 run, seam-up, back of a length and outside off, he presses forward and drives crisply to sweeper cover.
1 run, back of a length close to off stump, opens his bat face and dabs gently towards short third man.
no run, slow through the air, really full, driven straight to mid-off.
SIX runs, his go-to shot clears Ngidi at deep backward square. the batsman likes to sweep. the bowler has ample pace for that and despite getting too far under this and getting it off the toe-end, he clears the man.
1 run, pulled into the gap, Duminy runs around from deep midwicket to cut that off.
no run, length outside off, angles the bat and pushes it straight to point.
OUT, the bowler floors the batsman's leg stump. the batsman jumps across off, exposes his leg and middle stumps, and can't meet with a flick. Perhaps, he was expecting the short ball, especially with leg-gully in place. This was full, however, and the batsman gave the bowler a free path to access it.
no run, length in the corridor defended into the off side.
FOUR runs, full outside off, overpitched and Dhawan hands through the ball again, beats the diving mid-off to his right and after that there is no stopping it.
1 run, googly, short and wide outside off. Cut to sweeper's right.
FOUR runs, creamed! Full outside off, and allows the batsman to free his arms. Drills this drive to the extra-cover boundary. Oof, what sound off the bat.
no run, good length and pushed wide outside off, steps out and down leg side. He's made too much room and not given himself a chance to attempt a shot.
1 run, miscued hook but that will get AB on strike. Short and climbing at the helmet. A feeble fend in the end, but well in front of square leg.
no run, flatter and skiddier, Dhawan punches to cover.
FOUR runs, another fifty for the batsman. And what an innings too. Just a tad short on middle, he stays back and pulls through midwicket for four. So easy .
SIX runs, a touch slower on off stump, and he errs on the full side. Right in the slot for Suryakumar to loft back over the bowler's head.
OUT, short of length outside off, a touch casual from the batsman who was looking to run it down, gets an under edge that just carries to de Kock.
1 run, pushes the shortish delivery outside off to sweeper cover. Only six off that over. Kings XI definitely have a shout here.
1 run, the batsman rides the bounce of this back of a length ball outside off and steers to short third man.
1 run, gets on top of the bounce and turns this square on the leg side.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended to point off the front foot.
no run, half-volley on the pads, beats his attempt to flick this away. Missed out on runs here.
SIX runs, That's a gigantic six! Full and in the slot, he goes deep in his crease, gets nicely under it and launches it straight down the ground into the top tier.
no run, length ball, and he punches it from the crease towards short cover.
no run, Faf walks out at the bowler, slamming a drive to mid off. This time he doesn't opt for a risky single.
1 run, full and into leg stump. Reaches out and flicks to deep square.
1 run, flighted outside off, driven to deep cover for one.
1 run, wide yorker, misses the mark, but the batsman drives this low full toss straight to deep cover for one.
1 run, flatter on middle and leg, eased down to long-on.
1 run, googly, short and in at off stump. Dragged to deep midwicket's right with a pull.
FOUR runs, shot! Expertly placed. Length ball just outside off and he carves this cover drive well to the right of sweeper cover with a drive on the up.
no run, yorker from that great height. Garner-like. But at slower pace. Dug out back to him.
1 run, good length on leg stump, but the batsman waits for the ball to go across his body. Opens his bat's face and glanced it towards point.
no run, beaten. Length ball slanted across the corridor. Looks to line up and slug this over midwicket but it skids low.
1 run, full on off, and he backs away to drive it over cover. He can only play it along the ground to long off.
1 run, short of a length on middle stump, hurries him as he goes on the back foot and punches to deep midwicket.
OUT, and the bowler brings his own class in response! Superb, superb ball. The batsman doesn't know what he's just been dealt. Length ball, dipping into a short of a length on a middle stump line, squares him up completely and takes the top of off stump. Mayank is on the back foot looking to close the face on this and he is dumbfounded. Superb, just superb from the bowler. Two wickets immediately after being hit for sixes. There's a reason he's the best legspinner in limited-overs cricket right now.
no run, slower ball outside off and he thwacks it to short cover. Loads of sensational hitting tonight, most yielding no runs or wickets.
1 run, slower length ball on middle and leg, tucked wide of midwicket.
FOUR runs, advances to a length ball and chips it straight over Moeen. Crisply-struck straight boundary.
1 run, almost a yorker on off stump, but he does well to get bat to ball. In fact, the batsman does much better. Drills it down the ground to long off.
no run, length outside off, defended into the off side.
1 run, good length on leg stump, nudged to short fine's right with the angle.
2 runs, length outside off, backs away and lofts it just over mid-off to bring up his fifty with a couple. That held up in the pitch a little and he was cramped for room but had enough behind it to clear the fielder by inches.
1 leg bye, ridiculous lbw appeal to a ball pitched short and outside leg. They get a leg-bye.
1 run, short of a length, down the leg side, turned around the corner for one.
1 run, short of a length on middle stump, punched uppishly to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, another wide legbreak, and there is some turn on it. Mis-hit straight of cover, and he will take the one now.
1 run, angled across and he guides it towards third man dangerously past first slip.
2 runs, attempted yorker outside off. Steps out, meets it on the full, and pokes it to long-off's left.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, slower ball outside off, the batsman tries to chop it away to the off side but beaten by the lack of pace and bounce, also the line, which was too close for the stroke.
1 run, good length on middle, and this one skids straight on. Flicked off his pads to deep midwicket.
no run, length around off, comes forward and taps it towards cover.
1 run, flat and quick again, pushed wide of cover this time.
1 wide, looks for the full inswinger. It starts at leg stump and goes down.
FOUR runs, Wow, that's brilliant! Effortless from Suryakumar as he punches the ;length on middle through midwicket.
no run, full and straight, hit to midwicket. His first dot.
1 wide, slants this way outside off. Saw the batsman making room but bowled it really wide.
no run, slower ball just outside off, gets to the pitch and flicks it straight back onto the stumps.
1 run, length ball, offbreak, goes back to punch this down the ground.
OUT, lots of turn and he's stumped! the batsman came down the track, the bowler bowls it slower through the air and shorter on the stumps, the batsman looks to flick it with the wrists but the ball turns so much that it's gone past him and into the keeper's gloves.
1 run, the batsman steps out again, but is nowhere close to the pitch of the ball. He still goes through with the loft and winds up slicing it over mid-off running back.
1 run, flat, on a length, worked to leg for one.
no run, short, and he moves towards the off side and plays it towards square leg.
1 run, and this time he is tight on the stumps with a short-of-a-length delivery. Concedes just the single.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, runs this down to third man.
2 runs, full on middle and leg, clipped to the left of fine leg.
FOUR runs, up and over, inside out! The ball is fuller, and straighter, but he opens the bat face to slice it into the gap.
1 run, deceives him so royally that Moeen has to do a double-take to see where the ball goes. The mother of all slower balls, hitting on a good length, holding on the pitch and skewing off the bottom of the bat towards square leg as Moeen looks to flick.
5 wide, oh this one has done in even Saha. A wrong'un that starts on middle and leg, and beats the batsman comprehensively, but Saha has been blindsighted and can't catch up with it.
1 run, on a length on off, the batsman gets forward and bunts a single to long-off.
1 run, full and into leg stump, gets forward and flicks to long-on.
1 run, dropped? Yes, as the umpire doesn't signal byes. Length ball ripping way from off stump, looks to get into the drive but is late. Thick edge and Buttler grabs at it and misses. That is fifty for the batsman.
no run, length on off stump, blocked on the front foot.
1 run, on a length, outside off, slight shape away, driven to deep cover. Wide throw from Bravo but Jadhav at midwicket is late to go and back it up. He does so belatedly and just in time.
1 run, hustled for pace as he's deep inside the crease as he taps this into the off side for a quick single.
no run, quick bouncer, high and wide of off, he tries to pull but is beaten by pace and bounce.
1 run, steps out and drills this down to long on.
FOUR runs, shortish, just outside off. Takes one step back and across and times the pants off a short-arm jab to bisect deep midwicket and long-on.
FOUR runs, short of length around off and middle, Moeen transfers his weight back and pulls it over short midwicket for four.
OUT, another stumping appeal. Length ball past the outside edge again as the batsman looks to defend this time. Lightning stumping as expected and the toe is up again! Oh you're kidding me! Ridiculous, ridiculous just filthy from Dhoni. He's playing on a different plane tonight. That toe wasn't up for a second even on slow-mo. Surreal skill to get the bails off that quickly.
2 runs, Boult stops the four! He's running back from short fine leg and just about gets there. That was a sensational effort. A flat delivery on middle and leg, the batsman gets a thick leading edge on his sweep, the top edge lobs in the air over fine leg. He races back, the ball is just beyond his reach and he pulls the ball back in despite losing balance.
OUT, appeal for catch behind is turned down and DK reviews. Was looking for the reverse whip against a middle stump ball. Looks like it took his glove, went onto pad and then lobbed up for the keeper who took it high to his right. Replays are more or less confirming that right now. That will be overturned.
FOUR runs, Moeen doesn't care much. A legbreak outside off, flat-batted over the umpire for four. Straight and quick.
no run, inside edge as he tries to late cut a flatter delivery outside off. Nearly drags it onto his stumps.
no run, back of a length on middle stump, and the batsman tries to slog it towards the leg side, but can't connect. Deceived by the slower ball.
OUT,  direct hit and Gambhir's bat is on the line.  Would've been even through an inkling of a dive. Gambhir was lazily ambling down the surface and has paid the price. Coming back to the delivery, this was clipped straight to short fine leg. Nevertheless, this has been an excellent innings from Gambhir. Weathered the early storm and set them up for a strong finish. Mujeeb continues to have a field day.
1 run, slower ball outside off, punched to deep cover for one.
1 wide, slower ball, lands on leg, and goes down the leg side again. the batsman, though, tried to paddle this behind square but missed.
1 run, yorker to start off. Gets the batsman off strike.
FOUR runs, shoveled! Tremendous back-hand power as the batsman slams this slower back of a length delivery through long-off. Wouldn't have mattered if you had all your fielders there.
1 run, short of a length, turning away, punched to deep cover for one.
no run, floats this full on off stump, defended back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, dropped short outside off, backs away to wait and chop this past backward point.
OUT, back of a length on middle, and the batsman goes for a pull. It's been sliced though, and Bumrah gets under it at deep square leg! The ball was swirling in the air, so extra marks for that effort. KKR losing wickets in a clump once again.
1 run, steps out and punches this to cover, the batsman cramped for room as this angled back in.
no run, that's better! Flighted up outside off, and the batsman loses his shape in an ungainly swipe to leg.
1 run, length-ball offbreak, outside off, pushed towards long-off for one.
1 run, fuller outside off, he comes on the front foot and drives to long-off.
1 run, googly, short of a length and into off stump. Inside edge through midwicket as he looks for the cut.
SIX runs, too predictable with slower ones. What's more? It is in the slot. the batsman sits back, and lofts him over long-off for a high six.
no run, decent end. Just three off that over. Flat on off, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, tossed up on middle, and drilled down the ground to long on. Just four off the over.
1 wide, looks to pull, but is beaten for pace. Angling down leg, wide called.
no run, defended back with the spin to the bowler. Didn't get to the pitch as he looked to loft over.
1 run, slower ball, picks it and swings but only gets an inside edge towards the keeper.
1 run, full just outside off, but it's the wrong'un this time. Driven to long off again, and the batsman's off as well.
no run, that one swings away, beats the outside edge as the batsman aims a big shot down the ground.
FOUR runs, dragged down outside off, the batsman sizes it up and cracks it it away past the left of Mujeeb. He does not get his body behind the ball and concedes four.
1 run, tossed up on off, he pushes this to the gap at cover-point.
no run, wide yorker, sneaks under the bat.
2 runs, back of a length and outside off, punched on the up to the sweeper on the off side.
1 run, shuffles down the pitch, drives this full one outside off firmly to mid-off, who's stationed deep enough to permit a straightforward single.
no run, beats the big sweep with the slowness in the air with the legbreak. Beaten outside off.
1 run, full ball, and he whips it off his legs towards long leg.
no run, full and just outside off, nicely forward to drive to extra cover.
no run, back of a length outside off, but angling into the batsman. Gets big on him, and defended off the back foot.
no run, nice offbreak, slight drift and dip, and then holds its line.
FOUR runs, short again, this time it sits up outside off and the batsman pulls it over midwicket, into the wide open spaces at that boundary.
1 run, short of a length at off stump, whipped to deep midwicket off the back foot.
2 runs, good length on leg stump, and easily turned off his hips to deep backward square. Played softly, which actually allows them to take the second.
1 run, slower ball, angling across on a length, steered to third man.
no run, fuller, in driving range and the batsman goes at it hard ,but straight to short cover.
no run, short of a length just outside off, punched off the back foot, straight to backward point.
1 wide, quick bouncer, well outside off. Called wide. Not sure if it is on height or line.
SIX runs, that's some power didn't time it at all, too short and there to be hit, but Hardik got a thick top edge. Still enough power on it to carry it over the long-on boundary.
to Iyer, 2 runs, short of a length, no room, punched straight of deep midwicket for two.
no run, fuller on the stumps, driven firmly towards the bowler who bends in his followthrough and makes a partial stop to prevent the single.
no run, well, this is almost an identical delivery, but the umpire lets this one pass. And now the batsman is the unhappy one.
no run, length ball, angles across him, and he pats it towards short cover.
1 run, some swing away from the right hander, but well wide of off, and the batsman frees his arms to drive it hard, but straight to long off.
no run, good length, swung in at middle stump. Gets behind the line and defends from the crease.
1 run, this one swings away from the left-hand batsman, but the pitch is slow and he picks it off the pitch and dabs this behind square on the off side.
1 run, edged, and dropped. Fuller, but not on a driving length, in the corridor, and that's serious pace and bounce. Doesn't have the time to get fully forward to drive and he throws an angled bat at it. Thick edge, and Kohli, diving to his right to take it as it climbs to shoulder height, gets both hands to it but can't hold on. He went a little early at it, and the ball bounced off the heels of his hands.
OUT, taken at deep square! the bowler comes in and is assisted with some quality from Nitish Rana. Length ball, slightly slowed up. the batsman reaches out and swishes at this. It comes off the inside half and is getting low at Rana who sprints quickly enough not to let it go below waist height and then watches it into his hands. Keeps the balance and holds on.
no run, inside edge onto thigh. Looks for the big slog across the line at this short and wide ball outside off.
no run, short and just outside off, opens the face and punches to backward poiint.
1 run, swinging into the pads, but he has a deep square leg in place.
no run, shimmies down the wicket, the bowler fires this into the pads at 96ks, appeals for lbw but it is headed towards leg.
no run, tossed up, on off stump, and he drives this towards extra cover.
1 run, sweetly timed but can't get it past mid-off.
1 run, short of a length, legcutter, waits for it, runs it down to short third man.
1 run, short and sliding on outside off. Mistimed cut to extra cover's left.
1 run, top bouncer. At 144ks, At his head. the batsman is pulling even as his head falls away. The top edge falls clear of square leg, though.
1 run, full toss, borderline on the no-ball, punched to deep point. It is ruled just below the waist.
1 run, full outside off, driven to long-off for another single.
1 run, length on middle stump, flicked to long-on.
no run, full on around leg, the batsman misses the flick and is struck on the pad.
no run, gets down for a big sweep to a completely wrong length and line. Not full by any means and slanted a long way across.
no run, driven but can't pick the gap, straight to mid-off.
1 run, length outside off, punched to long-on off the back foot.
no run, Is Harshal okay? Looks alright. Full outside off and the batsman came dancing down the ground before driving it towards the bowler. Hits his palm on the full!.
1 run, length ball on off, and he whips this off his hips to deep midwicket. Gives Stokes the strike for the final ball.
OUT, another one-handed shot from the batsman leads to his dismissal at a highly inopportune moment! It was a low full toss, the batsman had no chance to get under it but tried anyway, took it from well in front of the body, which meant that he couldn't get any power behind the stroke and just spoons a simple catch to long-on.
FOUR runs, deft! Good length, and just outside off. DK stays on the back foot and opens his bat's face. Glanced to short third-man, but the fielder's dive is poor. Hits his hand, but races away for a boundary thereafter.
no run, into the blockhole now, jams his bat down and digs it out, back towards the bowler.
no run, short of a length, nips away off the deck and makes him reach out as he gets beaten.
no run, length on middle, come on better there, defended back to the bowler.
2 runs, good length on off, and the batsman shuffles across to the off side. Works it behind square this time, and calls early for the second run.
SIX runs, sliced over the point boundary. Full and wide outside off. Reaches out and deliberately opens the face to get it well fine of the sweeper fielder.
2 runs, cutter slides on, short of a good length and into off stump. Miscued pull to deep square's right.
1 run, full at off stump, driven through the covers.
OUT, and again! Maxwell and Boult combine for another relay catch! A full delivery around off, Rohit stays in his crease and lofts the ball towards long-on. Maxwell runs to his left again takes a good catch again and throws the ball back to Boult again, who walks in from long-off. Maxwell has a complaint about the ease of Boult's catches with him doing all the hard work.
1 run, full outside off, driven on the up to deep point.
1 run, good length and sliding on at off stump. Punched to deep extra cover.
1 run, fuller leg break on off and pushed tentatively towards cover. They take a quick single.
1 run, a short delivery down leg, helped down to fine leg for one. Another slower ball, 112 kph.
1 run, wide length ball, driven uppishly past cover.
1 run, fuller now, driven to long-on for one.
1 run, lovely bowling. Slower ball yorker. Dipping outside off, toe-ended to long-off. That wasn't the intention.
1 run, low full toss at off stump, driven down to long-on.
1 wide, slower ball, but awry line. Going down the leg side, and Yusuf actually gloves it. Doesn't go to Dhoni straight though. On the bounce to the keeper.
1 run, full on off, and he's going for the slog! Swings across the line, but falls short of Mohammad Siraj's diving effort in the deep. Did he start running in too late?.
no run, short and just outside off, gets on his toes for the upper cut but is beaten.
FOUR runs, juicy full toss on leg stump, swung away into the gap at deep backward square leg.
no run, back of a length outside off, moving away. the batsman wanted to steer it, but ends up feeling for it, with the ball going past edge.
2 runs, length outside off, drags it towards deep midwicket, Rayudu sprints towards his right and hits the stumps direct at the bowler's end but Nath was in.
1 run, slow on middle and leg, a thick inside edge towards short fine leg for a run.
1 run, back of a length on middle, swung away to deep square leg.
1 run, short of a good length just outside off, punched to long-on.
1 run, on a length, middle and off, worked to deep midwicket.
1 wide, dug in by Lasith, but it's misdirected down the leg side.
1 leg bye, advances down the ground and gets hit on the pad as he tries to heave it away to the leg side. Rolls into the off side off the pad.
no run, Parthiv jumps outside leg, the bowler goes full and wide, beaten on the outside edge again.
nan
to Watson, 1 run, nearly a yorker, dug out for a single to long-on.
1 run, short of a length, angling away, runs off the outer half of the bat for one.
no run, really full and outside off, not quite a yorker, jammed back to the bowler.
no run, good length just outside off, and the batsman cuts this square. Played off the front foot, but stopped by Bhuvi at point.
1 run, good length at leg stump, flicked to deep square.
2 runs, full slower ball dipping outside off. Reaches out and chops to deep point's right.
no run, mis-hits a near-yorker at 145 kph to mid-off.
1 run, short at middle stump, leaps up over it and drops it into the square leg region.
1 run, slower short ball, the batsman early into the pull, will take a leg-bye.
1 wide, some more short stuff, this one's too high for the batsman to be able to punish it, and that means he gets to face another delivery.
SIX runs, a rare poor start from the bowler. A short ball, and the new ball skids on nicely for a pull over midwicket for six.
1 run, flat, fired in, worked to deep square.
no run, good length at off stump, defended into the off side off the back foot.
SIX runs, that's gone many a mile! Right to the pitch of this one, a hooning slog sweep, high over the leg side! Big pressure now!.
1 run, short on the pads, whipped to deep square leg.
SIX runs, slogged wayyyy over deep midwicket. Another sweet sounding hit from the batsman. This is tossed up at a length and outside off. He gets down for the sweep and it slides on nicely. Beautiful swing through that ball with one knee down.
no run, plays for turn, and the ball is not turning today. Beaten on the outside edge.
no run, short outside off, mistimed cut towards backward point who fumbles as there's a slight mix up between the batsmen.
1 run, wide full toss, he hammers a square drive hard to deep point.
no run, too full, drills this straight to cover. Brilliant spell from Shreyas.
FOUR runs, in control this time! That's poor bowling. Short and very wide. Doesn't even bother keeping this cut shot down. Flies between backward point and cover.
no run, good length and swung in at middle stump, hurriedly defended down the pitch.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended on the front foot.
no run, makes room to try and ramp the short ball on off stump over the keeper. Too quick for such shenanigans.
1 run, the bowler good at bowling that length that is not in his arc but also not short. Concedes only a single.
no run, a yorker, just outside off, Nabi is deep in his crease and looks to hit it towards wide long-on, misses.
no run, short of a length, outside off, dabbed to cover-point.
no run, length ball on middle, and skidding through. the batsman uncomfortably nudges it away to the leg side.
FOUR runs, back of a length and outside off, no turn, flat-batted away to the left of long-on to back-to-back fours.
1 wide, too short! Pitches on middle, and soars over Pandya's head. He didn't even bother playing a shot. Kohli, however, is not pleased, but replays suggest that the umpire got it spot on.
1 run, on the pads and he helps it to deep square for one.
OUT, BOWLED! Fast, full and accurate. Axar backs away looking to get this over the off side, and the ball goes through the gate and rattles his middle stump. BOOMRAH is in the house!.
1 run, wide of the crease, chest-hunting ball, angling in, the batsman rides the bounce and works the ball away through square leg.
1 run, good length and just outside off, dabbed to extra cover's left. Looked like a legcutter.
OUT, leading edge, and caught by the bowler! Tossed it up, and the batsman tried to work it towards the leg side. Through his shot too early, and the ball lobs straight back to KG. Big jump from the big man, and he manages to hold on to it. Two wickets in seven balls for the bowler.
no run, legbreak, just outside off, beats his punch.
1 run, has to dive to make his ground full outside off, stroked to mid-off and they set off for a run. The fielder has a shy but misses, might have been close. the batsman put in a full length dive though.
no run, leans into the drive, eases this straight to extra cover.
1 run, back of a length and flat on off stump, eased through the covers with an open face.
SIX runs, third hundred stand in a row! Served up nicely again from CDG. Slower ball, short - he clubs from underneath and sends it way over long-on.
no run, flat length ball on off stump, driven to mid-off.
FOUR runs, excellent batting. Top shot. Makes room, takes this from way outside leg, and drives him over extra cover for four.
no run, short and down leg side, left alone.
OUT, caught at long off! He didn't get the distance this time. He got under it trying to launch over long off but skied it high to Rutherford who stood under it and held the catch well.
1 run, shortish on middle, punched to long on.
1 run, short and wide, slapped to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, full toss, and he goes down the ground. Just clears Hetmyer at long on! You can't miss your length to these two on this form.
1 wide, poor ball, slips this too far down leg, Faf looks to tickle this fine but misses.
1 run, straighter that time and pushed to mid-on for a single.
1 wide, spears the legbreak well wide of off stump, hoping to keep away from the batsman's hitting arc.
1 wide, strays down leg for a wide.
1 run, on the pads, no room to free the arms, and the batsman settles for a measured nudge to square leg.
FOUR runs, oh easy. Full and into the pads. Gets forward and leans into that to whip this wide of mid-on.
1 leg bye, length on middle and leg, 134 kph, off the pad to third man. Sensational night for Harshal the bowler: 4-0-23-1 and a terrific cameo.
1 run, back of a length at off stump, 130kph, a bottom-handed whip through midwicket.
2 runs, good length and pushed through outside off with the front of his hand. Slapped on the rise between bowler and stumps. Long-off does well to tumble to his left and stop. Parag the fielder.
1 run, length, angles across him and he drives wide of mid off and picks up a quick single. Yadav was a bit iffy to respond, but eventually gets through comfortably.
2 runs, leading edge, bounces away to the third man region where Prasidh does well to stop this on the bounce. Saved two runs.
no run, turns away from him, and he plays from the crease as he looks to push this through the off side. Beaten outside the edge.
1 run, excellent wrist work to flick this from outside off but Tripathi throws himself to his right to effect a one-handed stop. Saved a couple of runs.
1 run, 92 kph, flat outside off, pushed with soft hands towards cover for a run.
2 runs, short, wide, and he cuts this one. Negi at point makes a half-stop, but cannot prevent two runs.
no run, dropped! Length ball, just outside off, and he skips down the ground to hit the ball. Flat-batted to Axar's left, and he reacts well to get both hands to the ball. But the ball just pops out, and Axar is distraught.
no run, length in the corridor, hurriedly tapped into the covers.
no run, floated up wide of the stumps, grips a touch and he lets it go.
1 run, quicker one, hit down to long-on.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended into the covers.
SIX runs, or as easy as the batsman is making it look with this effortless six. Cool as. the bowler misses his yorker, and he makes room and lofts him back over his head.
1 run, short and wide outside off, thick edge to third man as he cuts.
1 run, he skips down to a slower ball and whips this to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower ball at a length on off stump, dragged out to deep square.
FOUR runs, slower ball, short of a length, and the batsman gets inside the line to pull it between long leg and deep midwicket. the batsman showing his utility in this innings.
no run, tossed up a bit too far, seemed like the ball slipped out a tad, but the batsman can't take advantage, digs it out to cover.
no run, yorker, tailing in, Hardik tries to get under it and whip it away to squareleg but gets a leading edge that lobs up to the off side.
2 runs, angling in on a length on the pads and the batsman easily picks it off to deep midwicket with a flick of the wrist.
1 run, offcutter on leg stump, and the batsman mistimes the leg-side slog. Comes off the bat's inside half, and trickles down to deep backward square.
no run, length and cutting in from outside off, shuffles and looks to flick. Cops it on the thigh guard.
1 run, fuller, clipped to long-on.
SIX runs, beats him in flight and is probably excited for a while before he remembers which ground this is. the batsman with a big heave at this loopy length ball googly outside off. Miscues it completely but that's sailed over long-off.
no run, slower offcutter outside off, the batsman looks for the sweep and is beaten.
1 run, Faf moves away outside leg again, the bowler now follows him with a 90kph dart, which is dragged away to wide long-on.
FOUR runs, swept away. Possibly only the second boundary off the bowler tonight. Along the ground and between deep square and deep midwicket.
SIX runs, slower ball, but Sharma's sent that into the mid-wicket boundary for six more! Stays on the back foot, and thumps it into the stands.
no run, can't pick the gap, punched straight to mid-off.
FOUR runs, thick outside edge between short third and backward point. Good length ball, a cutter and wide outside off, has a hack at that.
FOUR runs, drilled through the bowler's legs! Glad Moeen didn't get his fingertips to it, in retrospect. Tossed up on off, and the batsman hammers a straight drive through Moeen. Fourth-straight fifty at this ground for Jos.
1 run, good length just outside off, and he backs away to carve it towards deep extra cover.
1 run, sealed with a leg-bye. That is five straight wins. Short of a length again, quick again, but they run off the thigh pad. There might have been an inside edge because the umpire hasn't ruled this a leg-bye.
OUT, caught behind! Good length and a bit of extra bounce! He tried to cut, gets a thin edge to Patel who caught it on his chest! Hang on? They're checking upstairs to see if Patel put the ball on the ground after he was hit in the chest by the ball as he clutched onto it. He doubled over in pain but he didn't put the ball down on the ground. Bizarre catch but a catch nonetheless.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, full and holds its line on off, patted back down the pitch to the left of mid-off.
2 runs, yorker on middle stump, and he check-drives to long on once again. the batsman calls for the second, Joseph's running at the danger end, but the throw from the deep isn't a direct hit.
1 run, floated up outside off, and there's a hint of turn for the bowler, but it's dealt with well enough, the batsman slicing his drive into the gap.
1 run, length at middle stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
no run, moves across the stumps and looks to go for the drop kick over long on, but it hits his pads as he shuffles across.
SIX runs, that is huuuuuge! the batsman comes charging down again, gets to the pitch and smashes the ball over long-on. Fantastic timing.
1 run, quicker one on the pads, clipped away for one.
1 run, short at leg stump, on the back foot to whip to deep backward square.
no run, again, that extra bounce from short of a good length. Bottom hand comes off the handle as the batsman defends into the leg side.
FOUR runs, inside out to long-off's left on the front foot. Faf sprints, puts in a slide, but this hits his knee and deflects onto the padding.
SIX runs, what a finish! Harpreet has been impressive in his first IPL outing. Was ready for the short and fast bouncer, pulls it from shoulder height and connects beautifully, sending it soaring over square leg.
1 run, length in the corridor, dropped into the off side with soft hands.
SIX runs, absolutely slaughtered into the stands! He's having a lot of fun out there now, head right over the ball, even at the point of contact, and slammed with Popeye forearms over cow corner!.
no run, short of a length and across off stump. Beaten on the attempted late cut.
1 run, a bit more of the old the bowler loop on this occasion, but still a touch short outside off. Slapped to sweeper cover.
no run, short of a length and sliding on outside off. Beaten on the late cut.
1 run, good length outside off, and he muscles a pull to the man at deep midwicket. Off the bat's inside half.
1 wide, back of a length and breaking down the leg side for another wide. The wrong'un goes horribly wrong.
1 run, really full on off stump, clipped through midwicket.
1 run, shorter, flatter, quicker, and he ounches it to deep cover to bring up his own quickest IPL fifty.
no run, low full toss, around leg, dug out to short cover.
no run, slower ball, 131ks (you read it right), hit back to the bowler.
1 run, chipped down to Rahul at long-on.
OUT, lofted straight to long-on. Looks like a regulation legbreak, flighted and dipping. Didn't bowl one of these in his last over. Rewarded immediately in this one. Rohit steps out and doesn't make the pitch of this. Wants to lift it straight but he's having to reach out and it's taken well within the boundary.
2 runs, length, and he latches on to this after pressing forward. Slogs this over midwicket, but it stops short of the fence there.
SIX runs, like the London buses, sixes arriving in a bunch for the bowler. By pumping him down the ground last over, the batsman has now shortened his length and rocks deep into his crease to pull this over midwicket for another massive six.
FOUR runs, short and wide, 139 kph. the batsman backed away too far and so had to stretch out too far to get bat on it. He gets that: a top edge and it flies over short third man.
1 run, googly, but the length is short, picked away off the hips into the vacant spaces at midwicket.
no run, whipped with the angle to midwicket.
1 run, clipped with the spin out to midwicket.
1 run, hint of room outside off, he dabs it to third man easily.
FOUR runs, pace on the ball again. the batsman skips down the wicket. the bowler goes short of a length and wide at 140ks. the batsman of course loves the pace, and goes up and over point.
2 runs, length, and he lofts this towards deep midwicket. The man in the deep has to run across to his left and stop this from crossing the ropes.
no run, back of a length outside off. Angling into the batsman, and defended off the back foot.
no run, length, and holds up again, just beats the outside of the bat, possibly a slight edge, as Pant drops it!.
1 run, tossed up wide, stays away from his hitting zone, the batsman hits wide of long-off, but Agarwal makes an excellent save after a fumble. Keeps them down to one.
2 runs, another googly, slower, picked again, the batsman rocks back and pulls it along the ground to long-on's left.
1 run, tossed up full outside off, keeps the front leg away as he reaches out and drives to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, gets down leg this time, and the batsman tucks this fine, fine of long leg for four.
1 run, 133 kph, a low full toss is worked away to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, mis-hit to a length ball, but it doesn't carry to long-on. Ten off the over. A difficult time to bowl for him, and he seems to have done okay.
no run, through with the pull too early, this googly spun back in, took ages to arrive. Hits him in the midriff. Could've had a cup of tea and then pull.
FOUR runs, finally threads one. Full and tossed up at off stump. Gets down on the back knee and gets the reverse sweep square of short third man.
no run, full on leg stump again, and the batsman almost punishes this once more. Clipped off his toes, but straight to square leg.
1 run, dropped again. Fourth life for Dhawan. Rayudu goes straight to the towel. Is this dew at work? Full ball, on off, hit hard towards extra cover, and it just hits his hand and spills out.
2 runs, OUT, full outside off, comes forward and throws his hands at it, deceived by the sharp spin away, gets a thick outside edge to deep point's left, who puts in an excellent dive on the boundary before flicking it to Harshal Patel, who was giving chase along with Rabada and hurled it back flat and right over the stumps the non striker's end to find the batsman short of his ground on the attempted third run.
no run, full and wide, beats him on the drive.
1 run, Ishant hits a length on off stump, and Watto softens his hands to collect a quick single, close in on the off side.
1 run, flighted outside off, soft hands, places it wide of cover.
1 run, OUT, Direct hit from long-on might have the batsman in trouble And he's out! That's brilliant from Kieron Pollard. the batsman had whipped this to long-on and wanted a second. He reached the non-striker's end and turned back immediately. Nath was slow to respond so he was trying to regain his crease, but Pollard scored a direct hit from long-on and the batsman's bat is six inches away from the crease! Unfortunate end to an innings that started slow but had hit the batsman-mode now.
no run, length ball outside off, comes into him, and he drills off the inside of the bat to mid-on.
1 run, dances down and smacks the ball from outside off to deep point. A fielder is stationed there.
FOUR runs, slammed back down the ground! the batsman danced out at him, getting to the pitch and holding nothing back as he swatted the ball back down the ground, past the bowler and along the turf.
1 wide, goes full and fast, 146ks, but wide down the leg side.
no run, short of a length, no room, pushes with an open face, but straight to point.
2 runs, floated outside off as the batsman advances, he reaches out and slices this over the infield, Uthappa was circling below the ball and allowed it to bounce before he took it at deep cover.
no run, length ball outside off, looks to sweep and gets an inside edge onto pad. Loud appeal for lbw from the bowler, turned down.
no run, a slower ball outside off, the batsman's wild heave is missed.
2 runs, thick edge retrieved by the back pedaling short third man. Pushed out at this as it went across him from a length.
no run, length ball, angling across the batsman who fails to connect.
no run, length outside off, draws him well forward and makes pat it into the covers.
FOUR runs, full and into the pads, leans in and flicks it past short fine to bring up fifty. Back to form after two ducks.
3 runs, short of length outside off, forced off the back foot but Agarwal at sweeper cover sprints to his right, puts in the slide and keeps it to three. But he is in some pain, looks like he has done some damage to his finger.
FOUR runs, on a length, on-pace, and the batsman accepts the rare boundary opportunity. Opens the face and goes over point for four.
no run, slower ball, full and angles across the batsman again. He leaves this one, just like the previous one, but this time there's no wide called.
no run, googly, spins in towards off stump from back of a length. Hurries onto the bat a bit. Wanted to punch through the covers, ended up hitting it back to the bowler.
OUT, slip takes out the batsman.
1 run, short and cramps him as he jumps into the leg side to make room. Cut to sweeper.
FOUR runs, fuller and outside off, changes the line but the result stays the same, the batsman lofts it inside out over extra cover, the man at sweeper cover didn't have a chance.
2 wide, sees the batsman making room, bowls this full and wide. Umpire calls this wide, but Hardik has the presence of mind to scamper through.
no run, slow legbreak, just the slight bit of turn, and beats his tentative push.
1 run, good length on the fourth stump line, he stays in his crease and glides it to third man by opening the face.
no run, length and swung away in the corridor again, defended away from the body, into the point region.
2 runs, length ball on middle stump, shuffles and nudges it uppishly towards deep backward square.
1 run, short of a length outside off, chopped straight to backward point.
SIX runs, tossed on off stump, and the batsman punishes this once again! Goes inside out this time, and smacks this over extra cover! KKR are getting hammered here.
FOUR runs, shot! Smart batting. Anticipates the short-ish length and stays deep in the crease. Then walks inside the line of this and pulls along the floor from off stump. Into the long leg boundary.
no run, gets the yorker right this time. Dug out back to the bowler.
no run, full flighted ball on middle stump, defended inside-out to short extra-cover.
1 run, short and wide outside off, carved away to deep point for a run. Well timed.
1 run, shortish on off stump, knocks it down towards short cover and races across to the other end.
1 run, dropped by Umesh running in from the square leg boundary five dots balls and the batsman went for the slog-sweep, got a top edge that hung in the air. Umesh sprinted in and got there, but the ball popped out of his hands.
SIX runs, length ball on the pads, the batsman carts it off the pads over deep fine leg as the ball sails over Vijay leaping up. Could he have caught it if he was further back at the boundary?.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to extra cover's left on the front foot.
1 run, another chance for a run-out, this goes to the third umpire too. the batsman pulled the short ball to leg, it went towards deep square leg and the throw came in fast towards Karthik who collected well and took the bails off but Shaw's bat has just dragged in with his dive.
1 run, OUT, yorker, just outside off, and slapped to deep point. Ball races to the fielder in the deep, and they complete an easy single. But wait . the batsman wants to come back on strike, and he's run out trying to complete the second run! Great throw from the deep, and terrific work from de Kock. New man in now with Chennai still needing four runs in two balls. Dramatic!.
OUT, there's a sound and it's given! the batsman is caught down leg side. Good length, not a lot of movement on this. Some movement in the batsman's feet though, a little shuffle towards middle stump. He's tried to flick from there as the ball slides wide of him down leg side. It's thin edge, a faint sound, followed by thunderous roars from the fielders.
no run, full and wide, appeal for a catch at the wicket, but the bat has hit the ground to create that noise.
1 run, slower ball, short, and he goes up on his toes and punches this to point.
no run, that's a good response from the bowler, shorter and sharper, tempting the batsman into the ramp shot, but the ball is through him too quickly. Cat-and-mouse stuff in that over.
1 run, top-spinner on the stumps, he plays down the wrong line and gets a thick outside edge to point.
FOUR runs, full toss, and he has mis-hit it. And still it is placed between wide long-on and deep midwicket.
1 run, full, outside off, drilled to long-off.
SIX runs, swung away to clear wide long on. That's a 31-ball half-century for the batsman. Too short, he picked the length early and walloped this into the stands. Comes against the franchise that let him go too. Takes his helmet off and points to the crest. Top knock. Now to finish this off.
1 wide, And now that's been called a wide! the bowler went for the one wide outside off, and it is moving away a bit ends up outside the tram line!.
1 run, a slower delivery this time, but still a touch short. the batsman nails his pull to deep square leg, on the bounce.
FOUR runs, the batsman shimmies out again, this time he clears mid-on. He manufactures a half-volley by venturing out of the crease. Dragged from outside off over mid-on. the batsman did not middle it but he will not complain.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut to third man's right.
FOUR runs, poor fielding on the boundary and that's four! Royals have been sloppy so far, it was short outside off, cut away to third-man where Varun Aaron lets it through his legs.
FOUR runs, good length at middle stump, gets the front foot out and across and sweeps with the turn. To square leg's right.
2 runs, down the wicket to chip this over midwicket for two.
no run, stays away from his reach but gets inside the tram line. Beats him on the cut.
1 run, a little too short, pulled to deep midwicket easily for one.
1 run, banged in short and outside off, the batsman uppercuts it down to deep third man.
FOUR runs, graceful. the batsman springs up quickly after his forward press and lifts this pull shot neatly over midwicket. Full control.
1 run, pushes through the googly and this is cut away for one.
1 run, tossed up, ends up as a low full toss, driven to long-on.
no run, beats the outside edge, and the off stump! Back of a length, skipping away with the angle from over the wicket, the batsman hangs back, has a lousy waft, and misses.
FOUR runs, back-to-back boundaries as he gets a thin nick on this down the leg side, wide enough to be away from Dhoni was angled into the pads, probably didn't mean to flick it quite so fine.
OUT, paddles this full toss onto the middle stump. Went far too across and deflected it back. Wanted to go over the keeper's head. He's played a lovely innings though.
1 run, full, straight, and Rohit is forward to drive for a single.
no run, swept to short fine, sent back by Uthappa.
1 run, full, almost a yorker, on off, dug out to deep cover for one.
FOUR runs, and so it does. the batsman backs away first ball, and punches a short-of-a-length delivery between mid-off and extra cover.
1 run, back of a length on leg stump at 145 kph, the batsman ticks it to midwicket.
2 runs, full just outside off, and he brings out the late cut. Played delicately off DK's right, and Lynn goes chasing after it.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, runs this down to third man for one.
no run, another dot! Flat outside off, pushed to cover.
1 run, good length outside off, and angling into the bowler. Nudged to midwicket off the back foot again, and once again forces the bowler to go running after it.
no run, googly at a length on middle stump, defended off the front foot.
1 run, pretty short and the batsman miscues it down the ground, lands short of long on.
no run, angles in a length ball from wide of the crease, the batsman has a good look at it again as he defends.
1 run, length ball, punched back past the bowler.
no run,  nearly a return catch, and nearly a run-out at the bowler's end too  the batsman toe-ends a low full toss as he shapes to drive back.
no run, oh smart stop frm AB. Full toss ball outside off, looks to slap through the covers, gets a thick edge that AB plucks on the bounce with a dive to his left.
1 wide, the batsman has thrown Axar off his line and length. Short and slid past the tramline, off-side wide.
no run, looks for the glamour shot over extra cover - and he does play it well - but Umesh's length ball gets just enough nip away off the deck to beat the batsman's blade.
no run, swinging away from the batsman, ending up on top of off. He gets a bottom edge that bounces over the wicket.
1 run, flat outside off, punched to long-on for a run.
OUT, caught behind! They've come screaming back, have CSK. The rising awkward ball does it again for the bowler. This is lifting in the corridor from a short length. the batsman has room, to be fair, and  he tries to hoick it behind square. But it's a bit too quick for him and the edge is a straightforward catch for Dhoni this time.
1 run, he starts off with a short ball, but it comes slow off the surface, and he pulls this along the ground to deep square leg.
1 run, squeezes this yorker-length ball back, the bowler can't stop it cleanly.
1 wide, back of a length and slanting away wide outside off, past the reach of the batsman, off-side wide.
2 runs, full and outside off, forward and driven to extra cover, where the fielder lets the ball burst through his hands.
1 run, drills this slower ball down to long on.
1 run, slower yorker at leg stump, flicked into his toes and a single pitch side on the off side.
1 run, full on off stump, driven to long-off.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, yorker close to off stump, makes a bit of room to try and squeeze it into the covers. The bowler does the fielding, and the two batsmen think about running, then decide not to, but the ball rolls away from the bowler and they eventually complete it.
1 run, short of a length, deflected into the short fine region off the thigh.
SIX runs, Dhawan keeps the hits coming. Opens the front leg, goes down on a knee, and sweeps this length ball over deep square lg. All timing. That is 5000 IPL runs for Dhawan.
SIX runs, short, and he rocks back and sends this a few rows back into the midwicket fence! Emphatic.
FOUR runs, length ball on middle stump and he finally gets good bat on one. Ugly swat, effective sway. Deep square can't get it.
2 runs, top edged! the batsman's in a rush, and turns into a reverse sweep, top-edging the effort over short third man.
1 run, on a length, outside off, pushed wide of mid-off.
1 run, excellent bowling. the batsman is backing away, Dhawal follows him with a very full delivery. Almost a yorker. The ball hits the back leg, one leg bye.
OUT, banged in short and fizzes away outside off, seam-up ball I guess, the batsman swings across the line and top-edges it in the air. DK settles under the skier with the big gloves.
1 wide, full, just outside leg stump, and going down the leg side. Through to the keeper.
SIX runs, he's not only picked the googly but also gotten himself right towards the delivery and hoicked it across the line to clear long-on. the bowler specifically drifted this across, the batsman ended up dragging it but he got plenty of wood on that.
no run, inducker, he went pretty wide to deliver that, the batsman stuck in the crease gets a thick inside edge towards squareleg.
1 run, wrong'un which Rohit lunges and dabs to the off side for a quick single.
FOUR runs, has he got enough? Just about to clear mid-on. Back of a length offcutter. the batsman picks the length but not the variation, which is why the timing is bad. Still, he gets enough to chip the ball over mid-on and into the boundary.
1 run, drifts down leg, worked to deep square leg.
1 run, short of a length, pushed through at off stump. Tapped to long-on off the back foot.
2 runs, backs away, the bowler follows him. Bunted towards deep midwicket. A direct hit at the bowler's end from Finch would've spelt trouble for Pandey.
1 wide, full and very wide outside off, can't get bat after reaching out at that.
FOUR runs, glorious. Shot of the evening. The perfect cover drive. Length ball just outside off and Parthiv is quickly onto the front foot, leaning in to drill this between cover and extra cover.
1 run, full outside off, leans in and slices to third man's right.
SIX runs, that's better from the batsman, that's a six on any ground! Walked across for the length ball and clubbed it away into the cheering crowd over deep midwicket for his eighth six.
1 run, chopped to backward point.
1 run, good length and sliding on towards off stump from around the wicket. Looks to drive and gets an inside edge to square leg.
OUT, you cannot deny the bowler today the batsman tries to sweep again, but doesn't get hold of it once again. The pitch is not one where you can rely on the ball coming on even a bit, and the batsman is too early, the top edge flies to midwicket this time. And Jadeja is the man there, he isn't going to drop any. even when he has to run in and dive forward. RCB in tatters.
no run, yorker and just outside off, jams the bat down on it and is beaten.
2 runs, down the wicket, driven to wide long-on where Garg has twisted his ankle trying to slide and pick up.
1 run, hurled full and outside off, laced past the bowler to long-off.
no run, low full toss wide outside off, left along.
FOUR runs, short and wide and the batsman wallops it to the point boundary to bring up back to back fifties.
2 runs, length outside off, the batsman punches it to cover-point and Stuart Binny misfields this time, allowing a couple, when it should have been a dot.
no run, slower ball again, the batsman looks for the pull and it arrives late, taking the cue end through to the keeper.
1 run, just evades Watson at short midwicket. Short of length outside off, doesn't time the pull right, Watson moves to his left, stretches his hand out but the ball just touches the fingertips.
1 run, full slower ball on  middle stump, flicked uppishly to long-on.
SIX runs, yorker attempted, and he still drop-kicks this straight over the bowler, and just over long off.
FOUR runs, short and wide from the bowler, and even though the ball is turning back in, the batsman creates room by generating some power through the line of the ball and scything the ball through backward point.
1 run, short of a length, into the ribs, played with the bottom hand off the bat, gets a single to long leg.
1 run, on a length, pretty straight, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, just short of extra cover. Good length ball tossed up outside off, slapped on the rise and taken on the half volley.
no run, slower in the air, drags the length back, pushed to extra cover.
no run, starts with a full delivery and the batsman drives it back.
SIX runs, Spiderman! So quick to jump across outside off, and then slogs it - down on one knee - over deep midwicket. What quick movement. Kohli's in shock! Like Edvard Munch's Scream.
SIX runs, over long on! Finally connects, and of course it goes beyond the boundary. Same length, and this time the batsman manages to tee off.
1 run, short of a length, skidding across from off stump. Hurriedly cut to sweeper cover.
no run, beaten again! Backed away to pick the gap behind point, deceived by the slower one. Pressure building.
2 runs, on middle stump, and the batsman muscles this towards the leg side. Mistimes a slog over midwicket to the man in the deep. Not hit well at all.
2 runs, short of a length and wide outside off. Hammered on the up to sweeper's right.
1 run, yorker at middle stump, squeezed into midwicket off the thick inside edge.
no run, looks like a topspinner, kicks up outside off past the iffy prod of the batsman.
no run, length ball on off, and once again angling into middle stump. the batsman shuffles across his stumps, and defends off the back foot towards mid-on.
no run, big inswinger to start. But it's a tad short of good length. the batsman keeps it out, taps it back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, short of a length ball skidded into the man he calls bhaiyya in the Delhi Ranji team. Bhaiyya stands tall and slaps it to the cover boundary.
OUT, Rana leaps to his left and holds on. the batsman stuck in a strange position for the late cut. It's a short ball just outside off. It looks like he changes his mind on the late cut very late and wants to just defend it. In the end, hangs the bat out and it's a sharp catch.
1 run, length ball, and he plays it off his pads towards square leg.
1 run, fuller on off stump, and the batsman turns it off his pads to the leg side. Hit well, but man at deep midwicket for this shot.
1 run, offbreak outside off, goes back and punches to the left of cover.
1 run, slower ball, offcutter, tucked away off the hip for one.
2 runs, back of a length on off stump, punched to the right of the diving backward point fielder, who gets his hands to the ball but can't keep it from rolling away from him and conceding two runs.
SIX runs, short ball and nonchalantly picked up the batsman, sails over fine-leg for six.
FOUR runs, ruins a good over with a useless full toss. Seems like that slipped out of the hand and the batsman shovels it over the in-field on the off side.
1 run, short dart outside off, solidly punched down to long-on.
FOUR runs, full on off and he nearly takes the bowler's head in his follow through as he blasts this flat, hard and down the ground.
1 run, slides on outside off, opens the face and dabs to short third man.
FOUR runs, ah the batsman. Quick half-volley are just what he needs. Gets down on a knee and ramps this over short fine.
2 runs, full, just outside off, and that's gone into orbit! Tries to flick it to deep midwicket, but it doesn't have the distance. In the air for ages, and Rashid runs backwards from mid-on, but the ball lands just beyond him. At first this looked like six, but eventually just a couple for Kings XI.
1 run, slower ball at middle stump, gets forward and pushes to deep square.
OUT, looks to clear long off, but no timing and Moeen takes a simple catch at the ropes. Klassen backed away, the bowler bowled it full and wide. Slowed the pace down as well, so he couldn't get any timing on that as well despite having a good reach. Useful knock nonetheless.
2 runs, short of a length at leg stump, clipped to short fine's left.
1 leg bye, into the pads, quicker, hits the pad on the sweep. Just the leg-bye.
1 run, short at middle stump, glanced to square leg's left off the back foot.
1 run, legbreak turning away from a good length on off stump. the batsman presses forward and opens his bat face to squeeze that towards backward point.
1 run, oh hello Kedar the bowler Malinga. Goes low and very very side arm. Good length and skidding onto the pads. Flicked out to deep square.
1 run, overpitched just outside off, and whipped down the ground to long on.
1 run, he gets length, but it gets big on him as he swings. The mis-hit brings him one to long-on.
FOUR runs, four in a row. Almost a replay of the previous ball. Drags it down short on off stump, and he skips away to make room and cut it away into that gap between backward point and cover point.
1 run, dropped! Rinku Singh at long-on! He's been their best fielder this second half of the tournament but has put down a complete sitter. Full ball on middle stump, looks for the slog but this time it rips away quick. He slices it. rinku is under it, has time. But it pops out.
OUT, flighted outside off, and it's cut straight to Iyer at point. Gill wants the run, and he's at the danger end. Pant's quick to whip the bails off and Gill's dive is just not good enough. A well-constructed innings comes to a halt. Time out.
no run, touch short, he goes back and bunts this to cover.
1 run, length at leg stump, nudged down to fine leg with the angle.
no run, short outside off, another languid swish at that. It's off the inside edge to midwicket.
FOUR runs, similar line and length outside off, the batsman manipulates the gap between covers and mid-off now. Lovely back-foot punch again.
1 run, short of a length at leg stump, leaps to get on top of it and nudges through square leg.
no run, the bowler drags his length back on off, the batsman stands tall and punchily plays it back to the bowler.
2 runs, goes full and wide to a shuffling the batsman, and he ends up slicing a low full toss square of deep cover for two.
FOUR runs, the batsman continues to punch back. Skips down the wicket again, turns this into a length ball and goes over mid-on.
no run, back of length on off, the batsman gets on top of the bounce and defends back.
no run, nicely bowled. Full and attacking the stumps, the batsman is aware of that wicket-taking option, so a broad bat comes down to defend.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended to point.
no run, on a length on off, defended back.
no run, really full and wide outside off, the batsman has a crack at it, not sure if the batsman had edged it. Parthiv can't close his gloves around the ball. Ultra Edge detects a spike, and that will go down as a dropped chance. Very difficult one, though.
no run, starts with a slower offcutter at 128ks. Short of a length, runs off the outside edge to reach the keeper on the half-volley.
no run, slower ball to start the over. Full outside off, and Curran's slog towards the leg side doesn't come off. Through to Rahul on the bounce.
SIX runs, has that been picked up at the Marine Lines station? Full toss on his hips from wide of the crease, Rohit simply lends direction to this and deposits this deep into the stands at fine leg.
1 run, full ball and he plays this towards point.
1 run, good length outside off, pushed into the covers.
no run, beaten by the googly. Shaped to steer this past the keeper but pulled out.
1 run, slower ball again, straight, and he looks to flick this towards square leg. Gets an inside edge on to the pads, and is able to pick up a single.
no run, length outside off, plenty of pace and bounce, left alone.
FOUR runs, full and straight on the stumps from wide of the crease, Karun is standing deep inside the crease and so has enough time to bring his wrists into play to put this into the gap at midwicket. Lovely timing.
SIX runs, a length ball on the stumps, the batsman comes down and goes for the pull, gets the timing right this time to send it all the way over deep square leg.
OUT, good length just outside off. It's punched to cover but there's a hesitation! Raina stops the ball, turns around, and throws it at the non-striker's. the batsman's struggling, and he's well short when the zing bails come alive. KKR gift CSK a wicket. Karthik wanted the single, but the batsman wasn't quite sure. Pays the price.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, waits and waits and cuts gratefully to the backward point boundary.
2 wide, big wide down the leg side, and a flying Karthik saves three byes by getting a hand to it.
1 leg bye, big turn into the pads. the batsman can't get bat as he looks to flick off the back foot.
no run, slower ball, short of a length and past the outside edge as he looks to steer to third man.
FOUR runs, goes back to a length ball and drop-kicks this over square leg. Good shot. It was re-bowled as the first ball, also hit for four, was called a dead ball because the field had changed.
1 run, sweeps a length ball on off stump out to long leg.
1 run, angles a length ball a touch too far down leg. Clipped away for one.
no run, 141ks full-toss wide outside off, the batsman reaches out for the ball but misses again. Dhoni slapped a similar full-toss over the point boundary the other night at the Chinnaswamy.
1 run, the batsman forays down the track, meets a full-toss outside off, and hits it down to long-on.
1 run, inside edge to short fine as he looks to latch onto a full ball outside off.
3 runs, short and just outside off, backs away for the cut as this slides into the corridor. Thick edge runs past short third.
1 run, back of a length outside off, the batsman stands tall again and smashes a punchy drive to that deep cover. 145 kph, says the speed gun.
no run, slower offcutter, 114ks, pitches on off and cuts away to beat his slog.
1 run, good length on leg, but it's the wrong'un this time! Creeps onto the batsman's body, and he whips it off his hips to deep square leg.
1 run, length ball on leg stump, nudged to deep square off the back foot.
no run, good length at 148kph, defended on the front foot.
no run, shorter and outside off, cracked off the back foot to backward point.
FOUR runs, fuller on the stumps and Vijay just lofts it towards long-on nonchalantly, the fielder is too wide at long-on and cannot cut it off.
1 run, good length on off, and worked towards the leg side. They walk across for the run.
1 run, on a length, outside off, punched down to long-on.
1 bye, friendly, knee-high full toss outside off and the batsman misses it completely on the drive. And the bounce is a bit awkward for YJB who doesn't gather cleanly and has to give chase.
FOUR runs, short and wide again, and you don't want to play the batsman in. Cut in front of point again.
SIX runs, full, too straight, and the batsman has timed that beautifully. Flicks it off his legs, up and over backward square leg.
2 runs, dug in short, and he swivel-pulls this away towards deep midwicket. Will get a couple as the fielder has some space to cover.
no run, fends aerially but there's no short leg. Of course. Another well-directed bouncer.
no run, this is a sensational delivery! Tails in late to hit CDG flush on his toe. Such a comprehensive appeal resonated by 40,000 fans in the ground. But SRH don't have a review! Good call from umpire Virender Sharma, though. Missing leg stump.
FOUR runs, pushed through on middle from over the wicket, down the track and smashed to the right of long-on. Not even Russell can cut that off.
2 runs, full and straight, the batsman looks to play the reverse ramp, he takes a single to short third man. And takes the second off the overthrow.
1 run, short of a length, no room, punched down to long-on.
1 run, short on middle, stands tall and forces it down to long-on.
1 run, slider on middle and leg, tucked behind square.
no run, length outside off, stays back and chops it towards point, was there to be hit but he failed to find the gap.
1 run, shortish and spinning into middle and leg, punched to wide mid-on. de Kock turned for the second and had taken five steps in when he turned back.  De Kock turned blindly, didn't hear Rohit's call of 'no' .
FOUR runs, fuller, a little closer to off stump, and that's a super shot, just a front-foot punch with aborted follow-through to clear the right hand of the leaping fielder at mid-off.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to mid-off.
1 run, short at middle stump, flicked to long leg.
SIX runs, chest-high short ball on the leg stump, the batsman does not have room to free his arms but still manages to pull it flat and hard over long leg.
1 run, short of a length, turning in, pulled to deep midwicket.
1 run, full outside off, flicked away across the line to deep midwicket.
no run, elegantly punches a fullish delivery with a straight bat but straight to mid-off.
SIX runs, see ya. Dropped short, outside off, sitting right up and he pummels this over midwicket with a pull.
1 run, dropped! Leading edge and Umesh has put it down. the batsman went for the big shot from outside off, he didn't get close to it and that went so high Umesh had all the time in the world to get under it. He got under it in the cricle on the off side but it popped out.
no run, pokes it into the covers and looks for a single off the misfield. Shakib says no.
no run, back of a length outside off, pushed to cover point.
1 run, nearly a yorker, outside off, dug out to deep point for one.
no run, short and climbing across middle stump. Sways out of the way to let it go.
no run, back of length around off, the batsman stays back, gets on his toes and works it towards mid-on.
SIX runs, muscles this over wide long-on! Axar fired this away from his arc but Dube still had enough power while reaching out. Using his height well.
SIX runs, tossed up, and he whips this away over midwicket. Got all of it, and a positive note to end a Powerplay, where Chennai Super Kings have been asking all the right questions!.
2 runs, length ball on the pads and flicked away in front of square, deep square leg moves across to his right to cut it off.
1 run, tossed up outside off, he drives to long off.
no run, short ball, the batsman defends it down.
1 run, quick, into the pads, worked to leg for one.
1 wide, the batsman shuffles across, Arshdeep goes wide, but lands this off the cut strip. Called wide.
1 run, full outside off, and that's been flat-batted down the ground. Almost goes straight down long off's throat, but falls just short of the fielder.
1 run, full on leg stump, flicked uppishly to deep midwicket's right.
1 run, googly, back of a length and in at middle stump. Tapped to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, short and just outside off, pulled to midwicket off the inside half.
no run, full, hits the pad, appeals for lbw as the batsman falls over, but this is pitched outside leg.
no run, tapped into the covers.
no run, short of a length at the thigh, looks to pull but misses again. Lobs on the bounce to short fine.
1 run, inswinging yorker at middle stump, gets the front leg out and squeezes it past the non-striker.
1 run, short outside off, uses the pace, angles the bat and guides it to third-man for one.
OUT, short on middle, and that's been top edged! Bhajji makes no mistake at mid on. Quicker ball, and his inexperience to the pace shows. Not as good a performance as last time for the batsman. The ball got big on him, and eventually cramped him for space. Looks like it's the time-out as well.
FOUR runs, full toss, and he eases into a drive through cover. Beats the man inside the inner ring, and then goes through for four.
no run, sees the ball lob up over his eyeline, loves the width on this, looks to smash through the covers. But the dip and turn do him in.
1 wide, sees the batsman skip down the wicket, he slips in a lovely wide full delivery past him. And oh, wait a second, this is a shocker. It has been called a wide. It is well inside that wide marker.
FOUR runs, smashed for four into the gap at midwicket. Flat around middle, Hardik thrashes that with ease.
SIX runs, back of a length on off stump, clears his front leg and hoicks it away, effortlessly, over the midwicket boundary.
FOUR runs, lovely shot first ball from the batsman. He bluffs him twice. First backs away, then shuffles across, and the bowler follows him with a slower ball, and he still gets enough bat to beat short fine leg.
1 run, spins away from length on off, punched to deep cover.
1 run, short of a length slower ball at middle stump. Gets low and drags this pull out to deep square.
no run, finds the fielder this time. Short and wide outside off, a cut finds point.
1 run, over the wicket, full at leg stump, driven to long-on.
no run, keeps it full and around off, pushed to point off the front foot. They decide against the single.
1 run, sweeps a tossed up delivery from outside off to deep square leg.
2 runs, turns this against the turn to deep square leg, the throw from de Grandhomme is on the bounce but a touch wide, the batsman hares back and is safe. Only just. Saved by a couple of centimetres. Great work by Parthiv as he gathered the throw and came up with an underarm flick onto the stumps.
OUT, Pooran takes one to his right and screams. At long-on this time. Full and wobbly from around the wicket, at middle stump. Looks to drill this wide of long-on but can't get enough power on that.
1 run, length and turning in at off. Allows it to come in and dabs it to backward point off the front foot.
FOUR runs, pulled behind square. Nice timing, once he beat short fine, he was always assured of a boundary. Too short, the batsman fetched it from outside off.
1 run, low full toss on middle stump, and whipped off his pads to deep backward square.
1 run, very full and angling across off, 140.7ks, the batsman carves a drive to third man.
FOUR runs, he is ever so good! Even with the offspinner wants to cramp him for room, the batsman backs away and cuts a ball on leg stump to the point boundary.
1 run, tossed up on leg, he drives to long on.
FOUR runs, this is bad bowling, on the pads and the batsman sweeps it square. All he had to do was beat one fielder in the circle which he does.
1 run, googly, he's back and cutting this to the gap at point.
no run, terrific bowling, he's found that spot from where the ball is holding up a bit, and the batsman is a mite early into his shot. ends up patting it back.
1 run, pitched up and angling across off, Faf clears his front leg and scoops a drive to mid-off.
1 run, floated up full and heaved into the leg side without timing.
no run, looks for the ramp, the bowler bowls a wide slower ball so he changes his shot to the reverse ramp. Beaten.
1 run, full just on off, and driven down the ground to long off. Enough time to walk across for the single.
1 run, short of a length, pulled away to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, beats point, races to the point boundary. Once again there's width from the bowler, the batsman used the pace to steer this wide.
no run, short, and he looks to hook this but misses out. Well directed, as he kept it outside off stump.
no run, length on off stump, pushed back to the bowler off the front foot.
1 run, clipped away over the infield on the leg side, but it bounces well short of deep square leg.
1 run, full toss on middle, pushed to long-on.
1 run, yorker on leg stump, clips it to deep midwicket.
1 run, full and wide outside off, lunges at that and throws the bat out. Loses his footing and nearly falls over. Inside edge into the square leg region.
no run, overpitched and wide outside off, the batsman drills it straight to mid-off, who is quite wide.
no run, slower ball, dug in at a length and rising past the batsman's bat as he steps out and looks to muscle this through the covers.
FOUR runs, shortish offcutter, only gets up to waist height on off stump, and the batsman pulls it away into the big gap between deep midwicket and deep backward square leg.
1 run, slower length ball on middle and leg, turns this behind square.
1 run, length on middle, the batsman uses the depth of the crease and tucks it away towards squareleg for one.
FOUR runs, and he draws another mis-hit. He has managed to hurry the batsman into the pull, and there is a deep midwicket in place, but it somehow goes wide of the man diving there.
2 runs, length ball outside off, shuffles and flicks it between long-on and deep midwicket.
1 run, back of a length on middle, and the batsman's cramped for space. Manages to pull to long on noetheless.
no run, good length and just a shade outside off, tapped into the covers.
SIX runs, picked up the slower one he dismisses it, having read it perfectly. Cleared his leg, saw it was a slower one,  and heaved it over midwicket, putting a lot of body into the shot.
2 runs, googly outside off, the batsman picks it and drags it down to long-on's right, times it well but the fielder gets around it, puts in the slide and hurls the throw back to keep it to two.
1 run, full on off, and he drives down the ground to long on. Keeps the strike again, and asks the dugout for a helmet.
2 runs, punched back, Rashid parries this deflection towards midwicket. I haven't seen the batsman hare like this in a long long time, how did he complete the second? Woah!.
1 run, slower ball, short of a good length and into off stump. Punched to long-off.
no run, length, outside off, and he hits it hard, but cannot beat the man at cover.
FOUR runs, shot. Length ball on middle and he gets down nice and early to swat this behind square with a nicely connected sweep.
no run, full outside off, languidly leans in and drives to extra cover.
FOUR runs, that's a timely strike! The bowler searches for the blockhole and overpitches. The batsman stands perfectly still and laces it through the covers.
1 wide, full, wide outside leg again, and the batsman misses the attempted slog-sweep again. Hits the keeper's pads and rolls away to the leg side.
1 run, full on off stump, driven along the floor to long-off.
no run, massive turn and is it enough to stump him?. He pushes it through on leg stump, demanding the batsman to hit against the turn. The batsman tries, he's beaten all ends up, but the good thing is, his back leg did not lift up off the crease.
no run, low full toss wide outside off, slashed straight to cover.
FOUR runs, short, flat, and spinning in, the batsman backs away and slaps it through point for four.
1 run, short of a length googly outside off, cut to backward point's right.
no run, back of a length and outside off, opens the face and dabs to point.
no run, back of a length on off stump, stabbed to cover.
FOUR runs, uses his feet to get to a length ball on off stump, and eases this through covers. Beautiful shot!.
no run, slower ball, 123ks, full and wide, driven crisply, but straight to extra cover.
1 run, length outside off, driven on the up to mid-off's left. And we have a second misfield already. Looks like Faf this time.
no run, full, really full, the batsman backing away again, drives this straight to extra cover.
FOUR runs, this will rub it in. Slower offcutter, the batsman throws his bat at it, and the thick outside edge flies over short third man for four. the batsman should not have been on strike.
1 run, full and wide outside off. the batsman drags his shot to long on this time. No chance of a double.
2 runs, full and wide outside off, steps out but that keeps dipping away from him. Reaches out and chips that over extra cover.
1 run, flat outside off, pushed to cover for one. Sensible from the batsman, batting like a batsman.
SIX runs, straight over his head! Full and quick just outside off, half a step out and clean swing through the line. Rashid doesn't even bother to look.
OUT, pinned right in front. Googly rips back in, the batsman is shaping for the cut and is caught in front of middle stump. No reviews to spare either, he thought that was going down.
no run, slow turn from length on middle, defended back.
FOUR runs, top edge over short fine. Goes down leg side along with the bouncer, swings from under it. Clears the infield.
no run, swing and a miss. Beaten by this slower delivery that drifted away.  Rajasthan have defended a score for a second time this season. .
FOUR runs, half-tracker outside off, Dhawan lays into it and cracks it through the covers. Sunrisers cruising.
1 run, soft hands of the batsman to work this to leg for another single.
SIX runs, the batsman showing he can hit with the field spread too. And that too to a slower ball. Offcutter, outside off, on a length, and he goes over long-off. Nailed beautifully.
OUT, knuckle ball, and Pnadey is out. He had to go really. Saw a length ball, looked to deposit it into the stands, but ended up getting too under it skied it to long-off. CSK doing well in the last two-three overs.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, makes room and punches to sweeper cover.
no run, lbw appeal this time as he moves across to swat it, but it was probably going over.
1 run, short outside off, and Rohit cuts it to the man at third man. Gets off the mark. He's been out for a duck twice this season.
SIX runs, flighted outside off, but too wide. the batsman takes a big stride towards the pitch of the ball, and lifts it over the extra-cover boundary. The margin of error that the bowler can afford is minimal.
no run, goes right back and across as he defends this flatter delivery back.
1 run, quick turn, runs uppishly off the high part of the bat, but goes wide of cover for one.
1 run, back of a length and attacking the stumps, the batsman presses forward and clips to deep midwicket.
1 run, full slower ball, wide of off stump. Reaches out for a flat-bat drive to long-off. Lack of pace meant he couldn't go through the covers or squarer, smart use of the slower one.
no run, fuller outside off, squeezes it towards cover, straight to the fielder.
no run, goes for the yorker, ends up bowling a quick full toss. Defended back to him.
1 run, good length at the stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, drags it down a bit short and whipped to long on from off stump.
1 run, flighted full on middle, and a smart wristy flick to deep midwicket from Sarfaraz.
1 run, tough catch dropped at extra cover. Full and just outside off, gets on one knee and drills the cover drive. It's waist height and swerving away from Abhishek Sharma. He gets parallel to the ground and sticks out a right hand. Parries it towards sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, too full this time, Surya just shows the full face off the bat and drives it down the ground with hardly any follow through. Lovely stroke.
1 run, bit too full and Dhawan uses his hard hands to whack it to long on.
FOUR runs, the bowler unlucky again! Overpitched on off stump, and the batsman's drive takes the inside edge. Misses leg stump and runs away to the fine-leg boundary.
no run, fuller, wider and de Villiers won't be tempted into anything injudicious outside off just yet.
1 run, the bowler ventures wide of the crease, but this shortish ball holds its line outside off, the batsman rides it down to deep third man for one.
no run, flatter on off and kept lower, the batsman watches it carefully and steers it away towards gully.
1 run, short and into the pitch at leg stump. Awkwardly pushed into midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, big wind up against this offbreak, but it dips and drops short of the slot. So he works it to leg for one.
1 run, right into the blockhole, he backs away and squeezes this to long off.
no run, fired into the pads, the deflection can't beat short fine leg.
1 run, driven back on the up, the bowler gets a hand to it, and Rohit takes a quick single. A quick single. An early test of his hamstring.
1 run, flighted on middle stump, grips and turns across the batsman after pitching. Flicked off his pads towards midwicket on this occasion.
1 run, goes back of a length, and takes the pace off it once again. Whipped off his waist to deep square leg.
no run, short of a length, no room, defended back to him.
no run, turning offbreak, full and hits the pad, but this is heading past leg stump.
2 runs, length  the pads, the batsman picks it up aerially towards deep squareleg for two.
OUT, dragged straight to deep midwicket. Slower short ball outside off. Nothing on that for the pull. Axar invited to make all the power on his shot and he can only hit it to Anukul who is a few yards inside.
1 run, lobbed up and glanced fine off the pads.
1 run, darted into leg, he sweeps along the ground to deep backward square.
2 runs, short of a length, pulled straight of long-on, and they scamper back for two.
no run, short of a length again, nips back in, cramps him up. He wants a single to cover-point but is sent back. Rightly too.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and punching firmly to long on.
1 run, length ball around off, whips it towards long-on from the back foot.
no run, good length on off and angling away from the batsman. Sticks his bat out and cuts to point. Diving effort from Agarwal stops the single.
no run, defends a length ball.
1 wide, googly, short and very wide outside off. Left alone.
1 run, uppish drive as he goes hard at a back-of-a-length ball. Gets a single wide of mid-off.
FOUR runs, slightly too short as he goes short of a length, allowing Dhawan a cut as opposed to the punch, and he opens the face to send this over that fly slip.
1 run, short, wide, cut away, but they have a deep point in place.
1 run, yorker at the stumps. Makes room and carves it out to sweeper cover.
1 run, slogs again, but this time, his mis-hit saves him so much that the ball lands short of midwicket running in off the boundary.
1 run, short of good length, gets on top of the bounce to flick to deep backward square leg.
no run, beaten. the batsman is backing away almost every ball, and looks to open the face on this despite there being a slip in place. Misses.
no run, Bhuvi's on target straight away, floating the ball up quite full and getting a touch of shape away from Rohit, who presses defensively to cover with half a step forward.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, tapped to extra cover's left on the rise.
OUT, bottom-edged to the keeper! The knuckle ball earns him the wicket. Full and wide outside off, and the batsman actually followed him to the off side, but the ball's too low and it takes a feather edge. An excellent innings comes to an end.
no run, on a length, headed for top of off. Defended.
no run, full just outside off, and driven hard to cover. Man placed there however.
1 wide, wide down the leg side as he looks for a yorker.
no run, length on the pads, again, the batsman rigidly tries to work it to the leg side, misses and is struck on the thigh pad.
no run, it's the google again. Lands outside off, and jags into the batsman's pads. Tries to cut, but too close to his body. Checks that shot, and chops it down to point in the end.
1 wide, length ball but way down the leg side, left alone.
1 wide, Mavi has lost his head and line. the batsman jumps across off, Mavi sprays it past the marker. Off-side wide.
no run, short outside off, slapped to backward point.
2 runs, punched uppishly into the gap behind point.
no run, back of a length on leg, and the batsman backs away to make some room. Bowler follows him, and he misses the leg-side swipe. Through to Pant.
1 run, short legbreak outside off, scythed stylishly to sweeper cover.
1 run, full outside off, gets the front foot stride out and drives to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, he is hitting everything beautifully today. Right out of the middle of the bat as slog-sweeps this length ball over midwicket. Special innings. Showing why he worth persisting with.
1 run, full outside off, crunched straight to deep cover.
FOUR runs, gets down for a sweep, gets inside the line, the bowler fires it in, but the batsman doesn't hold back. Gets a top edge but straight over AB's head. The first boundary off the bowler tonight.
1 run, yorker now, dug out for a single to long-on.
1 run, flatter into him, and he punches to long-on.
1 run, full, outside leg, clipped off the pads to long leg.
no run, full and wide outside off, can't get the attempted drive away.
1 run, slower and outside off, leans back and glides to sweeper cover.
1 run, 135kph, short ball, hurries the batsman, he pulls off the glove behind square.
OUT, given lbw and he won't review! Trapped right in front of middle. the batsman is used to batting in powerplays, but this experiment has failed. Jumps into the off side and looks to whip a straight, good length ball behind square. Pinned right in front.
2 runs, goes over cover, gets this into the gap. Wide long-off and deep cover converge to cut that off.
2 runs, again he plays the paddle sweep to the first ball from a new spinner. Both are quickish spinners. So he uses the pace to place this fine of fine leg.
OUT, and the batsman perishes. I think the lure is the short boundary, but the bowler doesn't give him the length to pepper it. the batsman goes deep into the crease to try to pull this short-of-a-length ball, and gets no power into it because it is not short enough. Caught at deep midwicket.
no run, third time beaten! And this is huge turn! the bowler pitches it on middle. the batsman is uncertain as he pushes forward. He could have had a bat as broad as five feet and he would still have missed it.
no run, length outside off and that's gripped and turned square, beating Rohit, who luckily hadn't committed to the stroke.
no run, stays short of a length, pitches outside leg, headed towards off. Defended to short cover, who is tight on the single.
1 run, faster ball, flat on middle, and the attempted nudge to the leg side takes a leading edge to short third man!.
2 runs, short and wide outside off, cut to third man's right.
1 wide, OUT, this time Kishan stumps! the bowler goes wide outside off again, and the batsman's stranded once more. Kishan collects it well this time, and easily removes the batsman's stumps. Rohit looks impressed with Kishan's glovework. The batsman came down the ground way too early.
SIX runs, the batsman is so good at the pull. This is a length ball, I am not kidding. Bu he stays back and swivels with the pull to clear the bigger boundary here. the bowler's pace also helps.
no run, length and straightening from a middle stump line. Shapes to flick but drops it respectfully into the leg side.
1 run, full slower ball, wide outside off. Reaches out and drives to sweeper's right.
2 runs, steps out and reaches out to slap this length ball to sweeper cover.
no run, short and just outside off, cut straight to backward point.
no run, good length and just outside off, 141kph, defended onto the pads off the inside edge.
no run, drifts one in full on the stumps, pushed to mid-off.
FOUR runs, no beating in the flight here. Half-volley, around off, and he unfurls his wrists to get power into this cover drive over extra cover. Superb batting.
no run, the googly! De Kock does not pick that! The googly outside off, the batsman plays for some legspin but the ball keeps drifting on and beats the bat.
no run, angles in a full ball on off from wide of the crease, defended solidly.
SIX runs, Padikkal's special effort at wide long-on can't keep this in. Full and fast and wide, the batsman mis-hits the slog, Padikkal gets to it, but can't drop it back in before touching the rope.
1 run, short of a length outside off, stays leg side of that and steers to third man.
1 wide, backs away to to over the off side, the bowler sees this and lands the slower ball wide but gets this outside the wide line. Rolls to Parthiv.
FOUR runs, slapped to the extra cover boundary. Slower ball at a length, wide outisde off. Steps out, makes room and reaches out to flat-bat that.
1 run, steps out but the bowler shortens his length, worked towards deep midwicket.
no run, a googly first up, comes forward and pushes, the ball rolls towards short midwicket.
1 run, works this indrifter wide of midwicket as he jogs the single.
1 run, short of a length at middle, pulled down to long-on.
OUT, appeal, and given! Shreyas the bowler's on fire. What a spell. Length ball on middle, and the googly turns away from the batsman. Goes onto the back foot to defend, but the ball goes past his outside edge, and takes a feather edge. Sharp catch from Buttler, bending low.
1 run, pushed through and worked away through midwicket.
1 run, he backs away, and the bowler follows him with a low full toss. Just the single to midwicket.
1 run, the legbreak, flat and wide, slashed to deep point for a run.
FOUR runs, on a length, into the pads, and the batsman whips it over square leg for four. All unfurling of the wrists to place it square on the leg side.
1 run, looped up on off, he pushes on the front foot to the gap at cover-point.
no run, fired full and flat on the stumps, defended back.
1 run, length, angled in, punched to cover and they scamper one even though the batsman played that off the backfoot.
no run, full on off, the batsman comes forward and punches it straight to mid-off.
1 run, don't think he read that googly, around off, a thick inside edge to short fine leg.
FOUR runs, a full toss outside off from around the wicket, Parthiv makes full use of it and hits it over extra cover for four. Still only eight from the over.
OUT, taken at sweeper cover by Shahbaz. He's a very good fielder, and he's pulled off some nice skill to hang on at the boundary. Full ball outside off, shuffles and goes inside-out. He takes some strides to his right, marginally over-runs it but keeps his bearings and then dives to his right and backwards to hold on. they checked to see if he'd landed ball-first on the turf, but there don't seem to be enough close-up angles of that.
no run, good length at the stumps, tucked into the leg side off the back foot.
no run, back of a length, angled into him, backs away and swings across the line to get beaten.
2 runs, in the air but lands safely between sweeper and long-off who are converging on this. Length ball, steps out and is beaten in flight. Sliced high.
no run, the bowler beats the outside edge again! Parthiv uses his feet and swings hard so much so he loses his shape. Throws his bat at the ball and misses.
no run, jumps down at a short ball, catches it on the grille off the bat as he's late on the hook.
no run, quicker one, at 97 kph, fired into middle and leg, kept out by the batsman.
1 run, drags the length back. Gets some dip. Punched to midwicket for one.
no run, slower and fuller on the stumps, punched to mid-on.
FOUR runs, length outside off, this time he makes a little room and blasts it through the covers.
1 run, outside edge as once again the bowler hides the ball from the big-hitter, pitching it outside off, never allowing the batsman to get under it. He still goes for the flashy drive through cover but ends up with a single to short third man.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, gives himself some room to punch it down the track, the bowler dives to his right, gets a hand but cannot prevent the single.
1 run, too short, the batsman rocks back and pulls it to deep midwicket.
1 wide, length and down leg side again. Looking to get the outswinger going, no luck so far.
no run, length around off, comes forward and blocks it.
no run, good length on off stump, makes him drive towards mid-off again.
1 run, short outside off, has to wait a long time for this at 117kph, pushes into the covers.
no run, short of a length on middle stump. He shapes to punch through cover but has to adjust for the turn. Gets it to mid-on at the last moment.
no run, angled into him, fullish, he comes on the front foot and defends.
1 run, short of a length at middle, punched to mid-on off the back foot.
no run, looks to swing this slower delivery over cow corner, beaten. Played too early.
no run, good length on of and middle. It's that half-way length that the batsman chooses to respect. Defended off the front foot.
1 run, fuller now, pushed to deep cover for one.
1 run, length on middle and leg, tucked into the leg side for a quick single.
no run, lovely yorker. Seems plumb but the batsman has reviewed it immediately. Must have hit it then. And he is right. He has got an inside edge onto his toe. Otherwise, he has gone for all money after having shuffled right in front of his stumps.
FOUR runs, overpitched just outside off, but luck's going Watto's way! Steers it between gully and point, and the over ends with a boundary. Twenty-seven runs off the over!.
no run, back of a length, blocked down the pitch.
FOUR runs, pitched up and outside off, not a half-volley, the batsman reaches out for the ball and lets his hands flow through the line. Laced away to the left of mid-off for four.
1 run, another cut, another single. Bowling to his field.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, runs it down to third man for one.
1 run, length ball on middle stump, whipped to long-on.
SIX runs, oh he has reached fifty. Minutes ago, they were all asking for a compassion dismissal for him. This, right here, is the importance of keeping on fighting. Keep kicking. Short ball, outside off, and he has upper-cut it for a six. Well played, RT.
no run, out comes the sweep, a cross-batted shot is always an indicator the batsman isn't sure. The legbreak outside off, Rashid misses the sweep.
1 run, short of a length on middle stump, pulls on the bounce out to deep square.
2 runs, just chipped over backward square. Good length outside off, top edge as he doesn't go through with that shot.
no run, back of a length, wide outside off, and the batsman flat-bats a shot straight back to the bowler.
OUT, the slowness of the surface has resulted in Prithvi's downfall. This is a touch short but stooped on him, Prithvi rocks back to pull and is through with the stroke early, only manages a top-edge that is gobbled up nicely by Dhawan at cover.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, shuffles across and clips to the left of square leg.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched on the up to mid-off.
FOUR runs, tossed outside off, the batsman sees the flight, stays still, and lofts it cleanly over Rashid's head for a boundary.
OUT, taken at straight long-off! Good length and lobbed up just outside off. He reaches out and looks to drill this on the rise. Russell is very straight at long-off and barely has to move.
no run, length, angles across, and he cannot beat the man at extra cover inside the ring.
OUT, short ball, and he has pulled this straight to M Ashwin! It was fast from the bowler, faster off the batsman's bat as he looked for the deep midwicket fence, but M Ashwin was about 10-15 yards inside. Had to hold this over his head, and did well to hang on to what was a bullet shot. Is there a twist in the tale here?.
no run, length on off, punched to cover.
1 leg bye, the bowler is in a celebrappeal as this seams back to hit the batsman on the pad. Not given on the field. RCB review. On a length, outside off, big movement after pitching, but only umpire's call on top of the leg stump. So it stays not-out but they retain the review.
1 run, thick inside edge to long-on. Looked to hit it straight.
SIX runs, whips thsi full toss over deep midwicket. Enough wood to just clear Mandeep there. Not sure he got this off the middle.
no run, good length and spinning into his pads as he gets forward and looks to flick.
no run, another slower cutter, 119 kph, carved to backward point. That's quite predictable with third man up.
no run, good length and just outside off, leans in and drives on the rise to extra cover.
1 wide, another slower offcutter bowled wide down the leg side.
no run, length on middle, skips down the wicket, misses the flick and takes it on the thigh pad, his second line of defence.
1 run, slower short ball, into off stump. Patted into the covers off the back foot.
no run, looks for the ramp as the bowler bowls short and at him. Beats him.
no run, goes wide of the crease looking for the wide yorker. It results in a full toss and Yusuf only manages an outside edge, on the bounce, to the wicketkeeper.
no run, short of a length and just outside off, steered on the bounce to gully off the back foot.
no run, good length and into the pads as he leans in for the flick. Deflects into the off side.
FOUR runs, low wide full toss, and it runs off the outer half of his bat for a four between short third man and point.
1 run, good length and across him in the corridor. Closes the face and drags this towards mid-on whose throw at the striker's end is too wide for Bairstow. Watson was struggling to get in.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched to long-on off the back foot.
FOUR runs, lifted over short fine! Lovely placement. Short of a length at off stump, walks into the off side a tad and just ramps this over the fielder there.
no run, doesn't carry to the keeper. Short and wide, he cuts at it, the ball doesn't quite come on, takes the bottom edge, and falls short of the diving keeper, Prabhsimran.
1 run, slows this down, gets some dip on it, the batsman can't hit this so he nudges it to leg for one.
2 runs, short and hurries onto him,the batsman is late on the pull, splices it wide of midwicket.
1 run, on middle and leg, worked into the gap at wide mid-on for a single.
no run, shapes up for a ramp, and the bowler slips in a big bouncer. It keeps rising even after crossing the batsman, and de Kock times his jump perfectly to take it one-handed.
FOUR runs, full toss wide outside off, allows that to go across him and slaps it to sweeper's right.
1 leg bye, full now, angling in towards off stump. Looks to flick and misses, gets a bit of pad on it - well outside off stump - and it ricochets to the left of the bowler as the batsmen sneak a leg-bye. He fields it in his follow-through and throws at the bowler's end and misses. Hardik would probably have made it anyway.
OUT, caught at long on! Well, Stoinis has just dropped Pooran, but de Villiers makes no mistake in the deep to get rid of the batsman. The ball was full, and the shot was on, but the batsman just didn't get the height or the distance he was looking for. AB made ground, running around in front of the sightscreen and then diving forward to hold the chance.
FOUR runs, that's awesome! He doesn't really have the length or the line to pull the ball - it's actually cramping him and the ball doesn't really rise as much as he'd like - but the batsman holds his shape beautifully and just helps it away to the long leg boundary with a little short-arm pull.
1 run, short at off stump, chopped to third man.
1 run, OUT, run-out appeal at the striker's end. Another fumble at long-off from Jofra as CSK looks to punch a second. His throw to the striker's end is a good one though. Only slightly to Samson's right who grabs the ball and whips the bails off. the batsman's grounded the bat but it's on the line as the bails come off, nothing behind it. It was a full delivery outside off, driven firmly in Archer's direction and they looked to run on the misfield. the batsman hadn't run the first one hard, merely trotted across. He was caught off guard as Jadeja pushed him for the second.
no run, good length and just outside off. Punched into the covers.
1 run, whips it off his pads to long leg.
OUT, the inswinging yorker has done the trick. Gets this to bend back in a long way from outside off from around the stumps, the batsman jams his bat down late as the ball bounces into the stumps. 'Should I, should I not?' the ball thought to itself before disturbing the bails.
no run, 94kph, bowled in the blockhole, the batsman jams his bat at it.
SIX runs, that has gone out of the stadium. Another short of length outside off and the batsman just smashes it into the outer space.
no run, too short and outside off, he goes for the cut, but finds point.
FOUR runs, legbreak this time, the batsman stays back and cuts it late, past short third man for four, was hurried on to him though.
no run, wider outside off, flat too, pushed to mid-off from the crease.
1 wide, good length on middle, but sliding down the leg side. A run added to Daredevils' total.
1 run, right into the blockhole on middle, squeezed to midwicket.
1 run, too short, slower one to start with. the batsman pulls to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, length outside off, punched off the backfoot and beats deep cover to his left.
no run, short of a length, wide, punched nicely but straight to point.
1 run, good  length and just outside off, leans into the drive to long-off.
no run, looks to wallop this across the line, gets a thick inside edge to short fine.
no run, back of a length close to off stump, angling across the left-hander, whipped to mid-on with a turn of his wrists.
no run, short of a length outside off, covers the line and blocks to backward point.
2 runs, fuller little carrom ball outside off, drives into the covers, where Mujeeb misfields rather badly.
no run, pinged on the helmet the bowler has bowled a short ball so pacy, the batsman is late on it. Dug this in and put a lot of shoulder in it, got it to rise sharply. the batsman was moving back and across, wanted to pull it into downtown Mumbai, but misses it and is clattered on the helmet. Takes a breather with the physio to check that all's fine. It is.
no run, brings back the length slightly, shorter and wide outside off, cut away to extra cover.
1 run, length ball, width offered outside off, and he mistimes a square-cut to the sweeper-fielder on the off side.
no run, wrong'un, he goes back to punch it, but can't beat cover-point.
SIX runs, fuller on the stumps and the batsman goes inside out, lofted over mid-off and it just keeps going over, all the way for a six, 76 metres.
1 run, high full toss, about three-fourths of the way up the stumps. Gets a little big on him. He hits this to mid-off for one.
1 wide, fired down the leg side for a wide.
OUT, taken at point! Yikes, the batsman looked completely out of sorts there. A couple of steps into the leg side, reaching out a long way to this length ball outside off and a aimless swipe from under it. Completely out of shape against what was a straight short ball. Slices and SKY takes it. Poor from the stand-in captain.
1 run, short outside off, pulled to the left of deep midwicket.
SIX runs, he advances and lofts this over wide long on! Superb footwork. He was down so quickly and whipping this flat and wide of long on.
no run, gets it right. Well bowled. the batsman looks to clobber this length ball over midwicket from outside off. It's an offcutter that sits in the pitch and climbs past the outside edge.
no run, beaten by a friendly full toss. Loses his shape and smiles sheepishly. This was outside off, and he was looking to send it some 300 metres into the leg side.
no run, full on off, pushed to cover.
1 run, pulls the back of a length ball on middle to deep square leg.
SIX runs, the bouncer gets big on him, but the batsman has hooked this a long way. Uses his pace to go behind square. Clears long leg with ease.
1 run, tossed up, he sweeps firmly forward of square.
no run, good length offcutter, wide outside off. Makes too much room and can only get this square drive as far as backward point.
1 run, on a length outside off, 92ks, driven to deep cover.
SIX runs, lofted over the long-off boundary. Full slower ball outside off. He wanted to go over mid-off again and was just a touch too early. But he'd done it well enough for this to land over the line.
no run, short of a length, 137ks, on top of off, defended.
1 run, good length and into leg stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
2 runs, bottom hand, all of it. How else was it possible for him to get under such a full delivery and hit it in the air? Slogged away to deep midwicket, the fielder runs in, the ball is just short.
no run, on a length, just outside off, 150.2ks, defended with an open face.
no run, googly! Good length on middle, and turns into his body. Gets big on the batsman, so he wedges it onto his thighs.
1 wide, short of a length and down leg side. Flying take from Philippe down leg side.
1 run, length on leg stump, nudged to short fine's left.
no run, good length, 141kph, he defends to backward point and wants one but it's not on.
SIX runs, backs away and deposits this length ball into the second tier at midwicket. Very predictable there from the bowler.
1 run, waits for the short ball outside off and slashes it to deep point.
SIX runs, pulled flat over midwicket! What a screamer this was. Short outside off, and he swivels quickly to get in position. Simply goes through with the shot, and that lands beyond the mid-wicket boundary.
OUT, looks to clear mid-off again, but the bowler's adjusted his length. Slams it into a length just outside off. the batsman backs away for another loft, but that keeps getting big on him and he can only end up lofting it like they do at catching practice. Mid-off takes it easily. Falls short of a hundred by 13 runs, but he has done a fantastic job tonight in a more familiar role.
FOUR runs, the batsman reverse-sweeps a four like a boss. the bowler does a double tea pot. Very full on middle, most other batsman would have driven this through the covers. the batsman reverses it away through backward point.
2 runs, drilled back over the bowler's head, down to long on.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, cut away past point for one.
no run, on a length, no room, pushed to the left of Curran, who keeps them in their crease.
1 run, full inswinger at off and middle stump, keeps his forward stride sufficiently leg side as he flicks to deep square.
1 run, short of a length, straight, punched wide of mid-on for one.
1 leg bye, length ball at middle stump, looks to get it fine with a paddle sweep but it's deflected into the off side.
1 run, a full delivery on middle and leg, swung away to deep square leg for a run.
SIX runs, whipped over the square leg boundary! Stay put, people. Hardik has the skill, and tonight he has the license. Shuffles across and gives this a bit of helicopter to pick it up from off stump.
1 run, top-edged and nearly caught by first slip! Excellent effort from Rohit. He tries to sweep this again, but it flies off the glove, and goes over Rohit at first slip. He does really well trying to chase the ball, but it falls just beyond him.
no run, punches this straight to extra cover, big mix up with the running. the batsman was a long way down when he was sent back, a direct hit at the striker's end by Hardik and he would've been gone.
SIX runs, pace on the ball. It is your biggest enemy today. the bowler just keeps giving them pace on the ball. Yes it is a top edge on the pull, but these are small boundaries. There is premium to be had on slower balls. It is gripping in the surface. And you keep giving them pace.
SIX runs, Another classy shot from Suryakumar. the bowler sprays a full ball onto the pads, Suryakumar picks it up and launches it over the midwicket boundary. He made it look as easy as eating a sandwich.
no run, lovely outswinger. Wide on the crease, on a length, makes him play the angle, and then leaves him. Too good to take the edge.
no run, sweeps and misses. This was pushed through quicker, drifted away as well. the batsman was too early into the stroke.
SIX runs, that's perhaps the biggest of the night. A full toss outside off, the batsman whips it with powerful wrists and sends it soaring over backward square leg. Way, way back into the stands. Also ruins what had been a good over for Daredevils.
no run, flash and a miss outside off, an appeal for caught behind from the bowler but has no support. Was short, Rohit went after it with a back-foot drive.
no run, length ball, outside off, slight shape away, left alone.
OUT, big appeal! And that's the slow finger of death. He's reviewing, but looks half-hearted. Was short on middle, and the batsman just couldn't connect with the pull. The ball snuck under his bat, and hit his back leg. Looks kinda high though. Could miss the stumps, but alas! Would've clipped top of middle stump.
no run, goes on the back foot to punch it, but it keeps low and he jabs it back to the bowler instead.
1 run, flat and full on leg stump, clipped to the left of long-on, not far enough to his left to pick up two.
1 run, comes down and works the ball to deep midwicket.
1 run, the batsman down the wicket to swing this to long-on for one.
1 run, he was moving very far across, because the bowler is bowling it wide, gets an edge that bounces to short third man and they run a quick single.
no run, length ball on the pads, goes for the flick but misses, a mild enquiry for lbw but think it landed outside the leg stump.
no run, length outside off, defended uppishly to extra cover.
no run, full at middle stump, drags the reverse sweep straight to backward point.
1 run, fullish and angling across off, squirted down to third man.
no run, flat and wide outside off, carved to point.
1 run, short of a length just outside off. Short-arm pull as that hurries onto the corridor. Midwicket parries it to his right after a dive.
no run, beaten! the batsman stays back to let the ball turn and it turns so much that beats his outside edge.
no run, on a length, no turn, hits the pad, but headed down leg.
no run, beaten, good line outside off and the batsman was playing inside the line.
1 run, top effort at short cover, Tiwary diving to his left to stop a scorching drive.
2 runs, mis-hit but it has gone past mid-on. Not short enough to pull perhaps or maybe too wide. Yes too wide to be pulling so he ends up lobbing it towards mid-on. But he has got enough meat in it to clear the fielder.
1 run, slower length ball on off stump, pushed gently into the covers and they complete a quick single. Risky, but M Ashwin, sprinting in from cover and attempting a pick-up and underarm throw in one motion, can't collect cleanly.
no run, good length and just outside off, pushed back to the bowler off the front foot.
no run, loud appeal for lbw mainly from the bowler, the umpire doesn't move and Rohit signals from slip that it was too high. It angled in from off, was just short of good length and nipped in to strike the pad high in front of leg stump. Was probably going down leg too.
1 run, length ball wide outside off, lifts it on the up to extra cover on the bounce.
no run, down the leg side, but fired in quicker, and it hits his pads as he shapes to flick.
1 run, full on off, and he prods forward to drive with the bat's open face. Played to cover point for a quick single.
FOUR runs, outrageous! He walks down the pitch, the bowler tops him by shortening his length, but the batsman says I'm good enough to still hit down the ground. Stands up taller, that bottom hand grips the bat tighter and he somehow gets on top of the bounce to clear mid-on.
SIX runs, And here we go! full on off, right in the slot, the right pace as well, the batsman hammers it flat and hard over long-off.
no run, short ball, surprises de the batsman, who is camping on the front foot, hence late on the pull and misses by a mile.
2 runs, squeezes the drive into the gap at deep cover. the batsman was running right onto the pitch at one stage but changed tracks as he ran across for the second.
no run, short, and he punches this towards short midwicket. the bowler is first to it.
FOUR runs, one bounce over long-off. Lined himself up, stayed right inside the crease, got underneath the length and clobbered this.
no run, full on off, patted to the covers off the front foot.
no run, short and slanting in at top of off, 148.2ks, pace like fire, the batsman answers with an ice-cool back-foot defence.
FOUR runs, neatly ramped fine. Again, the length is predictable. Also helps this is a slower ball, short of a good length outside off. He's set up, he waits, and he executes well.
1 run, backs away, gets followed. Shovels it to deep backward square.
1 run, big inswinger, the batsman does well to play this late, pushes this straight of that silly mid-on. Gets a single to long-on.
1 run, full outside off, the batsman had made himself room and threw his hands at the ball, ended up slicing it chest-high to Lynn at backward point, and he drops it. Allows Buttler to come on strike too.
1 run, short of a length ball thumps the batsman's bat as he gets on the back foot. A single stolen pitch side on the off side.
3 runs, short of a length slider at middle stump. Shuffles, goes deep in the crease and swishes an angled bat at this. Gets it off the inside part and past short fine.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length, runs this down to third man for one.
no run, some width on the off side, he pushes it to cover point and comes back in time.
no run, rare legbreak from Rashid, and the nip back in to Quinny beats his attempted glance. He's hit on the pad, but it's pitched way outside leg.
FOUR runs, slower ball, but it's a full toss on leg stump, and Kishan swats this away behind square! Adjusts well to meet this ball late, and slog sweeps this for four.
1 run, floated up across the left-hander, lands outside off. Swiped down to long-on.
FOUR runs, mowed over midwicket! Good length outside off, he sets himself and swipes this across the line over midwicket. It wasn't hit purely but the bat speed got it to the fence.
no run, short of a length, nicely punched away, but straight to cover-point.
no run, cuts again, still can't pierce the gap. Diving stop at backward point.
1 wide, back of a length and swinging down the leg side, misses the bat, misses the thigh pad, and swerves down leg. DK throws himself to his left to stop the ball.
no run, length on middle, pushed to mid-on.
no run, full outside off, 129 kph, a leaden-footed drive to cover.
1 run, pulls from outside off to deep square.
1 run, a touch short outside off, a bit of inward movement to cramp the batsman on the cut. Chops it down into the ground behind him, and de Kock, diving right, gets a hand on it - glove off - but can't stop it completey.
1 run, length ball, around leg, worked against the turn to leg for one.
no run, length on middle, the batsman looks to pull but it hurries on to him and he gets an inside edge back onto his body.
no run, tighter on off, dabbed to point.
1 run, carved to sweeper cover, SRH won't mind the singles.
FOUR runs, short ball with short fine in the circle. The same mistake as Arshdeep. Trying not to be predictable, trying not to give way the ball with the field set, but it goes over short fine for four.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off, and cut square to Rashid at deep point.
1 run, shorter and wider, he's back and cutting to deep point.
1 run, full and flat on middle, pushed to long-on.
1 run, wrong'un, full, outside leg, worked away to deep square for one.
1 run, round-arm slider, finishes on the pads, clipped through square leg.
1 run, stays back and slashes this past point, too short and wide enough to play the shot. There's protection in the deep though.
no run, and there comes the bouncer, on target outside off and Vijay is forced to sway out of the way and drop his hands.
1 run, short at middle stump, gets tall on that and pulls into the turf to find deep midwicket.
1 run, full toss outside off, played with an open face, gets a single to third man.
no run, tighter line, and this swings back in too, tucking him up. Dot.
FOUR runs, wide length ball, 126ks, and he doesn't need second invitations to go over extra cover. This is in his slot.
no run, short of a length, no room, the batsman gets another bottom edge on the cut.
FOUR runs, short, angling across, and he has pulled this from outside off and over midwicket. Not the cleanest hit, but he has picked his spot well.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, slides on nicely and he cuts it past backward point.
1 wide, starts with a wide. Full and very wide, looking for the tramline but just errs.
(no ball) 1 run, length at leg stump, looks to flick and cops it on the pad off the inside edge. They steal a single.It's a massive no-ball.
1 run, length just outside off, punched to long-on off the back foot.
2 runs, punched over midwicket for two.
no run, refuses the single. Flat outside off, powered to long-off. Says no. I'll take this over.
1 run, a googly on middle and off, tapped quietly to point for one.
FOUR runs, full just outside off, and that's been drilled! Straight past the bowler, and even beats the man at long off! the bowler did well to get his feet out of the way.
SIX runs, that's the game done! That was an awful delivery, on middle and leg. the batsman backs away and slogs the ball with ease over long-on. 20 runs off that over, and Mumbai should have no trouble from here.
no run, good length and into middle stump, clipped to midwicket off the back foot.
FOUR runs, wide length ball, Axar stands tall and drives this on the up, between mid-off and extra cover. Along the ground.
1 run, slow in the air, the batsman tries the big slog sweep, but gets an inside edge for one.
no run, slight shimmy down the wicket, the bowler shortens the length, the batsman cuts it, but again he finds the man at point.
no run, close. the batsman allows this to come very close to him, with no forward press. It's a length ball and he gets it onto pad off the inside edge.
1 run, short of a length outside off, jabs at it, gets a thick outside edge to third man.
FOUR runs, short, wide, ordinary, and the batsman stands tall to cut down on the top of the bounce. Beats point. Third man has no chance either.
1 bye, he tries the ramp like Buttler did earlier, but the bowler bowls the slower offcutter at 128ks. They take the bye as the ball bounces in front of Carey and he can't make a clean connection.
1 run, heavy length, the batsman throws his bat it. Gets a single to deep point.
1 wide, wide length ball, too wide.
1 run, a good length delivery is tapped towards point. the batsman sends Shaw back. The throw from point to the non-striker's end is accurate, but the ricochet allows one overthrow.
1 run, full and into leg stump, jabbed to midwicket's left.
FOUR runs, dabs it past first slip nonchalantly. The other legspiner in this game. Picks this legbreak off the surface and uses his hands to steer it nicely.
no run, hammered back on the bounce, good stop off his own bowling.
2 runs, full, outside off, and he smacks this like a gun shot down the ground. Russell scrambles away to his left and stops this.
1 run, another short ball on middle, and Parthiv pulls off the back foot to deep midwicket.
1 run, floated up outside off, clipped to midwicket.
1 run, smashed away down to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, the batsman jumps outside leg, makes swinging room, the bowler pushes a slower ball outside off. the batsman reaches out and dispatches it through the covers.
no run, full on off, slight swing away as well, the batsman defends tentatively after nearly deciding to leave it.
3 runs, he's timed this one! Flat and wide outside off, pushed away through cover for three. Pulled back just inside the boundary.
FOUR runs, edged over third man. Backs into the leg side and is forced to stretch out to try and get a connection on this full one outside off. Gets his reward for reaching it in the end, I suppose.
no run, short of a length outside off, chopped on the bounce to backward point.
no run, the bowler nails a wide yorker outside off, beats the batsman.
1 run, slants one back in on a length, works this to midwicket from middle stump.
no run, short outside off, the batsman punches to mid-off off the bottom of the bat. He's struggling through these middle overs here. Need to find some fluency.
1 run, tossed up full outside off. Reaches out and sweeps to long-on's right. Quick work from the man there to keep it to a single.
1 run, hangs back and works a good length ball (still offbreak) on middle to deep square leg.
no run, length outside off, too early on the drive. Wants to go through cover on the rise, but this ends up at midwicket off the inside half.
2 runs, dropped short and wide outside off, carved to sweeper cover.
1 run, full, just outside off, driven straight of mid-off for one.
no run, length ball slanted across off stump. Looks to bludgeon it through cover on the up but he's gone too hard at it. Splices along the floor into the infield.
no run, short of a length and across the corridor. Mistimed punch ends up at mid-off.
1 run, short and wide outside off, carved away to deep cover. Sundar runs in, and juggles the catch but puts it down. That should have been taken.
no run, short ball, no room, and he is cramped up as he looks to run this to third man again.
FOUR runs, immediate impact. the bowler slows it down, but gets no action it. Ends up bowling a plum half-volley, and he chips it over extra cover for four.
2 runs, good length outside off, and Hardik smothers it to cow corner. Calls nice and early for the second run.
no run, drifting into leg stump, he glances fine but there is a short fine leg in place now to protect that area.
no run, fuller, quicker and it's dug out back to the bowler.
1 run, OUT, too straight and worked into the gap at midwicket. The throw back to the bowler is good, he takes the bails off in a hurry and he thinks he has Christian. And he does. Christian is short of his crease. Sensational work from Agarwal at long-on. First, to run to his right and pick up with one hand, then releasing so quickly. And then, throwing the ball well despite being off balance. the bowler does the easier job of taking the bails off, but he did that very quickly too.
FOUR runs, thick inside edge, flies past leg stump into the fine leg boundary. Went for a pull, no position to play it.
no run, looks to wallop across the line but toe-ends this length ball to midwicket.
1 run, length ball on the pads, flicked to deep square.
1 run, fuller, pushed past the bowler off the front foot.
FOUR runs, down the track and wants to go inside out but gets a thick outside edge that flies over the slip and into the boundary.
no run, good length and at the stumps. Looks to punch through the covers, gets it off the inside edge back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, just clears mid-off. Good length ball Offers the full face and drives on the up. It's off the low part of the bat but it's enough.
1 run, full toss around the hip, tucked away to deep squareleg.
SIX runs, length and crack! Stand and deliver stuff from the batsman, picked up the length and hammered him over deep midwicket.
no run, fuller than a good length and spins back in on middle stump, defended to the leg side.
no run, back of a length on middle, punched to short midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, low full toss at off stump, punched down to long-on.
FOUR runs, quick length ball, angled into the pads, and he clears mid-on with this loft easily.
1 run, length ball at leg stump. Plants the front leg out and tickles this to short fine.
no run, full on off, and defended towards the on-side.
1 run, leading edge but safe. Short of a length at middle stump and he closes the face too early on the flick. Sweeper cover cleans up.
no run, slower ball, short and very wide outside off. Left alone.
no run, short and wide outside off, and forces the batsman to reach at it. The ball stays low and he misses the cut once again. He's surprised that it's not a wide, but the ball was inside the tram-lines.
1 run, full on off, and too close for the cut, but the batsman goes through with the shot anyway. Hit hard to point, but they take the fielder's arm on.
1 run, full, wide outside off, and he mistimes a slog to deep midwicket.
2 runs, good length and on leg stump, flicked to fine leg's left.
no run, back of a length, but just outside off. Fended off the back foot towards cover.
no run, yorker just outside off, looks to drive, beaten.
FOUR runs, nicely placed. Point and third man in the circle, he goes short of a length outside off. the batsman walks down at that and chops it late to bisect the two fielders.
1 run, full around off, pushed to long-on.
no run, back of a length and spins away outside off, chopped to point.
no run, another flat delivery on middle, punched back to the bowler. Very tidy.
1 run, good length and turning in at leg stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, length ball just outside off, hurried on the cover drive. It bounces away to sweeper.
no run, good length and cutting in from outside off. Cops it on the thigh as he looks to whip into the leg side.
no run, wide length ball, left alone.
FOUR runs, the batsman's having fun here. Goes short now, in the fourth-stump corridor, and the batsman leans back and uses the pace and bounce to ramp it nice and fine, over the man at wide-ish slip. Third man's too square to even dream of stopping this.
1 run, short of a length, around off, pushed towards cover for a single.
OUT, taken in the follow through! Clearly they meant to take all wickets at once with that big drought set-up. This is a cutter from around the wicket, good length and gripping at an off stump line. He wants to turn that into the leg side with the angle but that stops on him and it's a feeble push back at the bowler.
no run, back of a length, the ball pitches and seams back in after pitching. the batsman wants to play the ball into the off side but didn't account for that movement. The ball snakes in to hit the batsman on the body, near the neck.
no run, full on off, and that's been swept square. Well hit, but stopped by Chahar at square leg.
FOUR runs, smoked. Short ball is a bit too short. Doesn't get steep, sits up instead and the batsman nails that pull well in front of square.
1 wide, another wide down the leg side. Proving to be a long over.
1 wide, drifts a back of a length delivery down the leg side.
OUT, cross-batted heave but he can only hit it as far as mid-on. No timing, no power, dragged it from outside off. Clever from the bowler, it's that knuckleball again.
FOUR runs, low full toss on the pads and the batsman clips it off his pads behind square. Superb execution, this is very poor bowling.
no run, pitched up outside off, drilled to mid-on.
FOUR runs, big edge, flies down to third man for a one-bounce four! Sees room outside off with that fullish length and he swings hard, gets an edge thick enough fine on the off side.
FOUR runs, hammered past Watson! Slower short ball rising slowly at a middle stump line. He backs into the leg side and flat-bat its past his partner's ankles.
no run, length around off, flatter and quicker at 94 kph, punched back towards the bowler.
1 leg bye, gets a little too far across to paddle, can't get much bat on it. Straight to the keeper.
no run, almost a yorker on leg stump. the batsman carefully pushes it back towards the non-striker.
OUT, finally has his man and a worthy delivery! Full on middle, the batsman didn't pick the googly and was on the walk, missed it completely as he tried to turn it towards midwicket and Bairstow whipped off the bails in a flash.
1 run, good length on off, and spinning inwards again. Tapped off the back foot to the man at third man. They scamper across for the run.
no run, another short delivery, this is under the shoulder though. the batsman misses an upper cut.
OUT, slices high in the air, but only as far as long-off. It's Faf the man again. Excellent change of pace from Shardul, went for a knuckleball that he's been working on for a while. DK doesn't quite get under the length, which means he gets more elevation than distance.
1 run, full, on off, and driven down the ground to long on. Gives Hardik the strike.
1 run, good length on leg stump, glanced to deep square off the back foot.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
no run, make that three. It's the carrom ball, short outside off, bunted away to mid-off.
1 run, tossed up invitingly outside off and he blasts a cover drive, but there is protection in the deep.
1 run, gets across a long way and paddles this full delivery to fine leg.
FOUR runs, back of a length, sitting up nicely outside off. Was the slower one from the bowler, and the batsman rocks back and crunches a pull over midwicket.
no run, peach! Faf expects this to duck back in but this one holds its line, has a waft at it but is beaten.
1 run, the batsman with the big wind-up, the bowler goes round-arm, and slows it down. He has to abort the shot, and settles for the single to cover-point.
1 run, length, straightens on middle, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 run, fired full on off stump, worked with the spin past midwicket.
no run, short and turning into the corridor, cut straight to extra cover.
FOUR runs, wow, it's so easy for him. It's not even wide, a good length delivery on the fourth or fifth stump channel. He makes room and carves a cut through point, that's a shot Warner has owned.
no run, back to bowling short, the batsman sways out of its line even though it doesn't rise as high as the earlier one. The periscope is up by the way.
1 run, bisects the fielders with a mis-hit! Luck be with the batsman-y to-niiiiight. Also, that slice off the outside edge, landing between point and deep third man brings up the fifty partnership as well.
1 run, similar to the first delivery, with flight and turn outside off. the batsman connects the drive this time and gets one to long off.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to fine leg.
3 runs, length outside off, looks to lift this over mid-off on the rise. Ends up slicing it a touch, but comes back quickly for the third.
SIX runs, full on off stump, and the batsman's slog sweeps this over Rahul's head. Looked like he sliced it, and that's flying over long on. Pure muscle.
1 run, back of a length and skidding into the pads, punched up to long-on.
1 run, low full toss outside off, driven sweetly along the ground, straight to deep extra cover.
1 run, short of a length, comes on with the arm around off, the batsman backs away and cuts through cover.
no run, good length at middle stump, inside edge onto the pads as he looks to force it off the back foot.
1 run, and the poor guy is trying everything. Reverse hit goes to extra cover for one.
1 run, just short of third man. the batsman throws his hands at this shortish wide ball, and the top edge flies nearly all the way.
no run, narrowly past off stump. Short of a good length in-dipper, just outside off, and he lets that go on the initial angle.
2 runs, Rohit stretches across off, goes low, and paddles this full ball down to fine leg.
no run, full and at off stump, makes room and drives straight to extra cover.
no run, short and into the corridor, can't thread the late cut between short third and backward point.
SIX runs, another six. The runs just keep coming, the shots too. A legbreak on leg, the batsman heaves his sweep with enough timing and power over square leg.
no run, back of a length outside off, there's that wristy late chop again, but this time straight to backward point.
no run, full on middle and zips straight through to the batsman's pads. Forced to go deep onto the back foot, and defended back to the bowler.
1 run, picks that length, rocks back and pulls on the bounce to deep midwicket. Rashid can do anything Khan just plucks the ball with one hand. And says so what? the batsman lets out an expletive. Can't quite say what was here.
2 runs, gets well forward and turns this gently towards the vacant midwicket region, the bowler had to run across to stop, by which time they were back for the second quite comfortably.
no run, short and wide outside off, cut straight to backward point.
1 run, pulls a short ball from just outside off and that lack of room means the ball ends up at mid-on.
2 runs, full outside off, flicks it from there to wide long-on where Pandey fumbles and allows the batsman to get back on strike.
1 run, good length and onto leg stump, steps out and jabs it into the midwicket region.
FOUR runs, full toss on leg stump, and that's been sent into the square-leg boundary! Uses his wrists to clip it to the boundary. Man there in the deep, but just too much power on show.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven to long-off's left.
no run, back of a length and outside off, chopped into the ground and the ball goes to backward point.
FOUR runs, classical as carnatic music! Leans forward to an innocuous delivery outside the off stump and unceremoniously - but also beautifully - drives it through the covers.
1 run, full on middle stump, flicked uppishly to deep square.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, flicked down to fine leg.
1 run, angles into him from around the wicket, and he runs this down to long on.
FOUR runs, banged in short, and he goes for a swing across the line. Takes the outside edge, and it runs away towards third man. Pant and short third man in pursuit, but the ball wins!.
1 run, slower ball, slogged away to deep midwicket for one.
FOUR runs, lifter outside off, gets under it and ramps it fine of short third man.
1 run, good length at middle stump, reverse sweep to short third's right and a sliding stop from Ngdi.
1 run, length again, on middle and leg this time, punched towards long-on for a single.
1 run, full toss on the pads, clipped straight to deep squareleg again.
1 run, flat, legbreak, middle and leg, worked to leg for one.
1 run, full on off stump, driven along the floor to sweeper cover.
no run, sees the batsman trying to move across and bowls this wide, left alone in anticipation of this being called wide, but this isn't.
FOUR runs, full and onto the pads, waits on that and sweeps it to the vacant long leg boundary.
1 run, length and angled in, cramps him, strikes him on the thigh pad and it trickles away to the off side for a leg bye.
1 run, good length and wide outside off, thick inside edge past the stumps as he looks to drive on the up through cover.
1 run, swept with the spin this time, much finer to Kaul at fine leg.
FOUR runs, the bowler is greeted with an inside-out shot, over extra cover, and almost all the way for six!.
FOUR runs, full toss, juicy outside off, and the batsman hammers a shot through cover! Wide long-off can't cut it off. Loose delivery.
1 run, full and outside off, eased to long-off off the front foot.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, opens the face, but can't place it wide of point.
no run, short of a length across him, swishes at it and is beaten on the outside edge.
no run, another googly! the batsman presses forward to defend, thinking it will spin into him, but the ball darts past the outside edge and into the keeper's gloves.
no run, trapped in front of middle but he's got an inside edge on that. Another slider from Rashid, traps him on the back foot as he looks to nudge this into the leg side.
1 run, full and wide outside off, but the batsman gets his bat to ball and taps this towards point. Would've gone for four if it wasn't for Sandeep's diving effort near the 15-year circle.
1 run, slower ball at a length on off stump, looks for the reverse sweep again. It ends up at mid-off, whose throw gives them a run at deep square.
no run, short of a length, no room, pushed with an open face to point.
FOUR runs, smears this straight down the ground with a horizontal bat. Length ball and he cleared his front leg to swat it over the bowler's head and straight.
no run, offcutter, back of a length at middle stump. Pushed into the leg side off the back foot.
1 run, short again, punched to deep midwicket.
no run, beaten trying to heave over the leg side again! It stayed a touch low and went under the bat and past off stump.
1 run, short at leg stump, swiped to deep square.
2 runs, another yorker nailed. the batsman digs it out, but they take on an overthrow for the second. Why is the throw needed?.
OUT, and he has taken that threat out. Slower ball, on a length, sundar early into it, hits it in the air back towards the bowler, and he is lucky that it hits the wrist and deflects into his lap. These two have faced off against each other many a time in TNPL.
OUT, and their season goes out the window. RCB all but out of the tournament. De the batsman walks across a long way and tries to whip it but the yorkers  angles into him and sneaks from underneath the bat to smash the stumps.
1 wide, slow bouncer, it bounces so much that the batsman lets it go over him for a wide.
SIX runs, he's now in his big-hitting zone. Too full and right into his swinging arc, the batsman hammers this with the turn over long off.
1 run, that's much quicker and straighter, flicked to deep square leg.
SIX runs, a little width on offer and the batsman exploits it beautifully, lofting the ball over extra cover. Outstanding strike.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper.
OUT, Akshdeep runs into AB, but AB still holds on to the skier Faf tried to pull that, but it wasn't short enough to swat across the line and he just gets a top edge. It goes steepling high, AB runs in and has settled under it at a short mid-on position and catches it. Akshdeep is running in from midwicket and collides with AB, who merely jogs off with the ball in hand as if he didn't feel a thing.
1 run, full outside off, pushed to cover and through his legs, which allows a single.
SIX runs, wham. He's already hit him for one flicked six, and this time he whips this back-of-a-length ball from around an off-stump line and sends it over his favourite backward square leg boundary.
1 run, short and wide, cut away hard to deep cover.
1 run, flat and straight, some more spin but the batsman is an exceptional player of spin. Goes back and works to wide mid-on, against the spin.
no run, extra bounce! Good length on off, and takes off after pitching. the batsman tries to cut, but he's nowhere near that shot.
FOUR runs, brute force! And a fifty for the batsman, off 22 balls. That's as emphatic a franchise debut as there can be. A flighted fuller one on the stumps, and the batsman hammers it straight over.
no run, short of a length outside off, punched to mid-off off the back foot.
1 run, driven superbly, but this is an excellent stop at the edge of the ring at cover. Sid Kaul, I think. Saved three runs.
1 run, full on leg stump, and worked off the front foot to the leg side. Calls early for the single.
SIX runs, sliced over backward point, sails over the ropes. Not much wrong with the length, quite full but Surya had enough width to throw his bat at that.
FOUR runs, boom! Emphatic from the batsman. Length ball just outside off, he's picked this slider and drilled it through the line. Straight and flat over the bowler with a big stride.
3 runs, does the double movement again: shuffle across, then back away. Cuts the slower ball in front of square and into the gap between cover-point and extra cover. Easy three there.
1 leg bye, slower length ball, goes for the pull but misses and gets hit on the side, will get a leg-bye though.
no run, full outside leg, and Sharma's attempted ramp over fine leg doesn't come off. Not a wide because the batsman moved around so much.
1 run, short at the ribs, dragged to fine leg's left with a pull.
no run, beaten by pace and lack of room as he stays put in the crease and swings.
FOUR runs, slashed past point. Short and wide outside off, gets his weight onto his back leg and transfers it through this square drive.
2 runs, falls short of Harshal Patel! A slower ball down leg, flicked away in the air towards deep backward square leg. He runs to his right but can't quite get there.
no run, sharp turn from length outside off, Kishan defends.
1 run, tossed up on middle and leg, comes forward and pushes it towards long-on.
1 run, skids this one from off stump, worked to leg for a quick single.
SIX runs, hiiiigh in the air and it's over the boundary. A top-edged six! He's got his eyes off the ball. He's cramped. He's just blindly heaving at a back of a length delivery meant to cramp him on leg stump. And yet even after being deceived like that, his sheer power bails him out.
3 runs, fuller this time, he eases himself into another push-drive past mid-off and Russell gives it a ginger chase. Then pulls out te old back heel to keep this in. Has conceded one extra run.
1 run, length just outside off, driven on the rise to long-off.
no run, big-turning legbreak. the bowler puts it on off and gets it to rip away outside off. Karun can't touch it.
no run, struck on the thigh and looking for a quick single! the bowler has the batsman rattled. Short of a length and into his body. He's very very late on the attempted pull and there's no run at short leg.
SIX runs, more sweet-sounding pulls! Dropped halfway down at middle stump, this knuckle ball. And just outside off. It's easier not to put this away. the batsman onto the front foot and bludgeons this over wide long-on.
1 run, flatter on off and spinning in a bit, the batsman moves back and across and wrists it to midwicket.
OUT, to the moon and back, Miller settles underneath to take a tumbling catch. the batsman looks to hoick this short of length knuckleball from across the line, didn't get the power he would've liked.
1 run, length on off stump, driven on the front foot to long-off.
2 runs, slower ball, back of a length, slanting away from off stump. Flat-batted to the left of long-off, no real power on it.
no run, swept once more, out to backward square.
FOUR runs, length, wide outside off, and he slashes this over point. Good shot, nearly carried over the fence on the full!.
no run, good length and past the outside edge. the batsman late on the forward push as this slants away.
5 runs, overthrows! Four? Short and wide outside off, hit to Iyer at cover, who takes aim and throws at the non-striker's end. The backing-up from deep midwicket isn't very good, Harshal runs around from square leg and attempts to keep the ball in the field of play, fails to do so. The umpire calls five overthrows, shouldn't it be four overthrows? That's absurd.
no run, nice and full on the stumps, defended back with soft hands.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and punching to long on.
1 run, short and slow outside off, the batsman goes on his toes and lofts it over the covers for two more.
1 run, good length and wide outside off, sliced to sweeper cover.
OUT, takes it this time! A full toss outside off, the batsman looking to loft that over long-off but the bat turns and he miscues that. Padikkal with a similar sprint in and this time he's got his hands in position to grab it at waist height.
no run, slaps this length ball straight to mid-off.
no run, short and 148kph, climbing up outside off. Watchful punch to cover point.
1 run, dipping fuller one on leg stump, clipped off the pads through square leg for one.
no run, change-up from Curran. After swinging four balls, he has bowled the cutter here. the batsman adjusts well, plays with soft hands, and the edge dies in front of Dhoni.
FOUR runs, makes room early, the bowler follows him, the batsman retreats some more, lofts inside out over cover, and away for four! Skill and power.
1 run, good length outside off again, paddled to square leg.
1 run, works this full delivery on the pads to Curran at deep midwicket.
SIX runs, and the batsman decides it is time. Goes over the cow corner as Mujumdar suggested. the bowler bowls an on-pace legnth ball. And he clears the front leg to send him out of the ground.
no run, short o a length and sliding onto middle stump, backs away and cuts into the covers.
1 run, good length on off stump, driven with the turn to long-off.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended to point off the back foot.
1 run, slider on middle and leg, tucked away towards midwicket for one.
1 run, good length at leg stump, backs away and is hurried. Drops it into the covers.
1 run, fullish around off, pushed solidly towards extra cover for a single.
no run, rides the bounce of a shortish one and opens the face to point.
1 wide, looks for the yorker, gets a bit of late inswing too, but ends up swerving it down the leg side.
1 wide, quick bouncer, down the leg side.
no run, slower ball again. Fuller outside off, and driven away from his body to KW at cover.
no run, back of a length, not too much width, leans back and chops it to backward point.
5 runs, four overthrows from Pooran. Short of a length, outside off, played towards point for an easy single. Pooran, though, still has a go at the stumps and the man backing up is square and deep on the leg side. This throw ends up towards midwicket, and his dive is not enough to keep this in.
FOUR runs, swatted over wide mid-off! Short ball hits up nicely and it's put away firmly with a flat bat.
FOUR runs, slashed past point. Short of a length cutter outside off. Gets on the front foot and gets this between point and short third man. the bowler is around the wicket, but there is a lot of room.
1 run, good length outside off, and this time the cut shot is hit well. Chawla's the man in the deep.
1 run, good length outside off, and punched off the back foot past the non-striker to long on.
1 run, fuller, just outside off, driven to long-on for one.
OUT, another skied slog, but this one is held! If anything, this one went even further up in the air than the last chance as the batsman backed away and heaved at a full one. The ball is in the air for an age, coming down with ice on it, but if there's one fielder you'd trust to hold such a difficult chance, it's de Villiers. He settles under the swirling chance, and has to dive at the last minute to get to it, but clings on.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and this time he manages to drag the pull to deep midwicket.
2 runs, short and just outside off, cut to point's right and a fumble there.
OUT, past the edge. Past the edge before he knew what had come. Ripping break away as he looks to defend with less than half a stride. And his back leg is up! Dhoni has stumped and gone back to his pose but he might have his man he does! A stumping so quick I don't think even Dhoni was aware what just happened! The Capitals are crumbling.
no run, dropped, and nearly an injury! A short-of-a-length delivery is hammered straight back at the bowler, Curran can't get his hands to it and it smacks into his shoulder. Luckily avoided the face. He takes a moment to compose himself but seems okay.
no run, full and spins away outside off, tapped to cover.
no run, on a length and outside off, sticks in the pitch, dabbed to point.
no run, short of a length, slow off the pitch, hits the bottom edge as he looks to work this into the off side.
FOUR runs, very full outside off, leans into a drive and guides it to the right of sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, over the fielder at point! the batsman is 22 from 12! And he's played some sparkling shots. Like rasping cut to a short and wide delivery.
no run, on a length, outside off, hits him high on the bat as he looks to make some room.
SIX runs, and again! Sower ball this time, at a good length outside off and once again he clears the front leg and swings across the line. This one is straighter, more wide long-on than midwicket.
no run, overpitched, flighted on off, and he toe-ends a drive to mid-off.
1 run, punched down to long-on.
FOUR runs, steps back for the smack, and just skims it over Yadav at mid-on! A dirty shanked pull, but it's gone for four  .
no run, short and quick outside off, the batsman calmly sways out of its way.
FOUR runs, neatly tucked away. Full on middle stump, gets low with the front foot across the stumps and paddles it to the fine leg boundary.
OUT, taken at deep midwicket! Nice and slow again from the bowler, 77kph. Up at length on middle stump. the batsman steps out to make the pitch of that but there's just no pace on this. Slugs it into the long boundary. Stoinis is in from the line, but he hangs on above his head and then does well to balance himself on the steps back.
1 run, length and into the stumps, punched to deep midwicket.
OUT, what is happening here? This is sensational from Umesh. Fast, furious and straight. Right through Kishan's drive. Clean bowled, dream ball. Rohit is scampering to get his pads on and rush out. This is full outside off, the ball curves back in and then beats a loose drive to crash itno the off stump. Stunning from Umesh.
no run, short of a length, on off, punched nicely to extra cover.
no run, 87 kph, short and wide outside off, carved to backward point.
no run, short of length and angling away, the batsman goes for the pull but the ball keeps a bit low, just misses the off stump.
SIX runs, clean strike down the ground! Tossed up, he gets right to the pitch and belts this over the sightscreen.
2 runs, slower ball, outside leg, the batsman looks to sweep this behind square but the slowness means he ends up hitting it in front of square. Still gets two as Chahar loses the ball in the air and doesn't attack it.
no run, this a gem of a delivery from the bowler! Back of a length, angling in from wide of the crease, sharp angle from the bowler. Then straightens away outside off, past the outside edge. Ultra Edge detects a nick. Mumbai, however, did not go for a review. How costly will that turn out to be?.
no run, slower through the air and breaks away outside off, big swing and a miss.
1 run, full slower ball outside off. Gets into the off side and tries to paddle it after meeting it on the full. Can only tap it straight to short fine.
no run, beaten again on the pull. This one is shorter and higher in the corridor.
SIX runs, full toss, slower ball, and the batsman slogs this over wide long-on. This over bringing the asking rate back down towards 18.
SIX runs, swiped to deep midwicket's left this time. Good length and pushed through fast at middle stump. Clears the front leg, weight on the back leg, and places this perfectly to the fielder's left.
1 run, length outside off, slashed and nearly carries to third-man. He's dropped that. It was dying on him a little, but either way he couldn't hang on and the batsman retains strike.
SIX runs, length ball, darted in on the pads, too easy for Karun, who picks it up off his pads and launches it over backward square leg.
FOUR runs, full and wide outside off, the batsman carves this behind point. Nice hands, nice reach, sublime timing.
1 run, too short and he pulls it well, but there is a deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, angled in and the batsman helps it with the wrists off his hips to the long leg boundary and that's his fifty.
1 run, back of a length, backs away and punches it out to sweeper cover.
no run, fired full to hit him on the pad as he looks to work it to the leg side.
2 runs, full, just outside off, and gently tapped to cover. They take off for a single, and the throw from there also goes for overthrows. Yikes.
1 run, 96 kph, flat and straight, swept to deep square leg.
1 run, full just outside off, driven to sweeper's left.
1 run, and he nails another yorker. Just the single to long-off.
1 run, good length on leg, and the batsman clips it off his toes to square leg.
FOUR runs, pummeled past mid-off. Full slower ball outside off. Waits with a forward and stride and swings powerfully though the line.
1 run, length, angled in, down the track comes the batsman and pushes it to long-on's right, who does well to keep it to one.
1 run, nearly dragged this back onto the stumps. Shaped to drive, got a thick inside edge past leg stump.
no run, bouncer outside off, the batsman thinks of hooking, and in the end decides to drop his bat out of the way and evade it.
1 run, overpitched, but wide outside off. the batsman hits this hard into the ground, and the ball lobs over Watto's head. There's cover in the deep though.
SIX runs, pulled in front of square, sails over deep midwicket. Not all that bad a delivery, length and the batsman got into position quickly.
1 run, length on the pads, clipped to deep squareleg.
1 run, short and wide, he slaps a cut shot firmly to deep point.
3 runs, slower ball outside off, and they keep peppering the extra cover region, the batsman goes inside out this time but the timing isn't good enough to beat long-off to his left.
1 run, on a length, hardly any room, gets a single into the off side.
OUT, Krishna comes back with a perfect yorker. Bowled with a scrambled seam, 137ks, the batsman is backing away, and the ball tails in a little and squeezes under his bat to knock back the middle stump.
2 runs, top edges a pull shot but it falls safe, well in front of deep midwicket. Back of length on leg stump, he was giving himself room and the bowler followed him, so he was a bit cramped for room.
no run, beats him with the offcutter and Parthiv, having judged the length and line - short and outside off - fails to spot the change in pace. As a result, he doesn't adjust his bat swing and is too early on the shot.
1 run, short of a length and into the pads. Poked into the leg side with soft hands.
1 run, slower ball, outside off, and he runs this down towards third man by opening the face of his blade.
1 run, flighted and outside off, slog-swept against the turn to long-on.
OUT, caught at short fine leg! Short slower ball does the trick. the batsman got inside the line to pull as it was going down leg, he rolled the wrists but didn't get it down, hitting it straight to Shami who took a simple catch.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, he delays the shot and flicks it to deep square leg for one.
1 run, yorker to the batsman. Just the single to mid-off.
1 run, full and wide outside off, steps out and has to reach out again. Gets it down to deep backward point.
no run, a full toss to finish. A quick one. Pushed back to the bowler, taken aback by the lack of accuracy.
no run, length at off stump, defended on the back foot.
OUT, Keemo Paul takes the catch at long-off. After missing two yorkers, the bowler gets one nearly right. And because it is straight, it has given Samad no room to swing his arms. He toe-ends it to long-off, and Paul takes the catch to his left.
2 runs, length at leg stump, pushed through square leg off the back foot.
SIX runs, a bit of flight outside off, and that's walloped. Clears his front leg and swings through the line to launch it high and straight, back over the bowler's head.
1 run, fired in flat on off stump, the batsman backing away and chopping to long off to keep the strike.
1 run, good length and sliding on into the corridor. Gets forward and manages to eat the bowler's laboured dive to the right with this push.
no run, the batsman is creasebound, and pokes awkwardly as the ball zips through from back of a length.
no run, length on off, flat again, defended.
1 run, length outside off, looks to drive. Is through it early and has to take one hand off. Uppish, but safely down to long-off.
no run, flat, back of a length, turning towards leg stump to cramp Keemo for room as he tries to create some. Punched back to the bowler.
OUT, length ball, and he misses it. It goes through to Saha, and the batsman runs across for the run. They have asked for a review, because the throw didn't hit the stumps. Did he obstruct the field, though? There's no outside edge on it. The ball went through to Saha, who had a shy at the stumps. Oh, was the call for caught-behind? In which case, it's not out, obviously. So Sunrisers lose their review. They have a look at this again. the batsman does change his angle a bit towards the ball. Could it be obstructed the field then? Has the ball hit the batsman? It has, and this out! What an Eliminator this is turning out to be. Do Delhi want to win this or not?.
SIX runs, bowling short at the batsman with the short leg-side boundary at the bowler's pace? Not a good idea. Smoked away for a six over midwicket. This is only slightly higher than his waist.
OUT, walks across, slaps this length ball straight down Miller's throat at long off. Sran deliberately angled it across so that the batsman would've to fetch it. Excellent change of pace as well.
SIX runs, crackalicious! How's that to win the match - a six over wide long-on with so much strength it's landed into the crowd. the batsman absolutely bludgeoned that by going across and swinging it over the cow corner like that night at Wankhede in April 2011. Bravo lifts his arms and goes across to embrace MS the batsman, who's cool as ever. Harbhajan comes out and lifts the batsman!.
1 run, outside edge as he looks to work a wide length ball to leg, the throw from short third man hits Sharma's right foot. It is a strong throw as well. And he was a goner had Rana's throw hit the wicket.
no run, on a length, drifting in, middle and leg, defended.
1 run, flat and quick, slides into the pads, tucked away to deep square leg.
SIX runs, that last over bought Dhawan a life-line, and now he cashes in on left-arm spin. Right in his slot, and he slogs this over midwicket for six.
no run, swinging again, and this time the batsman lets it alone outside off.
no run, beats the outside edge with a nicely landed length ball, drifting in at off stump and spinning sharply away.
no run, short of a length, no room, runs this square on the off side.
1 run, slower in the air, swept away from wide outside off for one. First boundaryless over.
FOUR runs, welcomed with a boundary! Full just outside off, and Mayank takes a big step forward before lifting this inside out over cover. A well-executed shot that's played wide of long off.
no run, slow legbreak, defended to cover.
FOUR runs, tickled nice and fine. Bhuvi strays in line and he used the pace to ease this to fine leg. the batsman off the mark.
no run, away-swinging bouncer outside off, he tries to reach out for it but misses. That's the first bouncer for the over.
no run, just short of midwicket. Good length at middle stump, closes the face early on the flick.
no run, drifts in to squeeze off an inside edge back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, absolutely pummeled through cover! Full and wide outside off, the batsman smashes that past the fielder at cover again. Great timing too.
FOUR runs, pace on, pace on. Yorker down leg, and he cue-ends it fine of fine leg.
FOUR runs, overpitched outside off and caressed through the covers and the bowler's under the pump here.
FOUR runs, full, in the slot, and it's slammed down the ground. the bowler's searching for swing, but there's none to be had.
OUT, another one bites the dust! Both openers gone! the bowler tosses it up, teasing the batsman on a pitch offering him considerable help, the batsman tries to slog him into oblivion, only managing a top edge, high in the air towards point, who had to run back and dive to his left to complete an excellent catch.
1 run, too full on off, eased down to long on.
1 run, back of a length on off, and he mistimes a pull to deep backward square. They jog across for one.
no run, full on off, and driven down the ground past the non-striker to mid on. No chance of a single.
1 run, forces this length ball on the up to sweeper cover.
1 run, on a length, into the pads, clipped away to deep fine leg for one.
1 run, worked into the leg side for a other single.
2 runs, short outside off, sliced over the bowler off the back foot.
1 run, another sweep but the bowler is not giving him a length to hit hard. Just the single to deep square.
1 run, length on middle, tries to turn it to the on side, closes the face a little early, gets a leading edge along the ground towards point.
1 run, looks at the field, realises this is going to be wide, so he shuffles. But the bowler is good enough to execute the yorker. Just the single to third man.
no run, solid punch but can't pierce the gap, straight to mid-off.
no run, good length outside off, defended into the off side.
1 run, thumps this short of length delivery to sweeper cover. Good work by Mitch.
1 run, length at leg stump, tapped into the leg side.
1 run, short and rising in the corridor. Miscued pull to long-on's left.
2 runs, full slower ball outside off, looks to get low and crunch it wide of mid-off. It comes off the toe end.
1 bye, beaten and then a fumble by the keeper. Slower ball at a length outside off, gets low and stuck halfway into a sweep as this climbs past him and dips on the keeper.
no run, excellently bowled, a yorker on middle, jammed out to mid-off. Very good over from the bowler.
1 run, full and into the pads, clipped to deep backward square.
no run, good length and just outside off, mistimed punch to cover.
FOUR runs, 113.4ks short ball outside off, the batsman picks the change-up and hauls a pull between deep midwicket and wide long-on. the batsman brings up his fourth fifty of the season.
1 run, fuller, at the stumps, the batsman hanging leg-side and swings down to long-on.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, punched through the line to mid-off.
1 run, shapes to come down again, rocks back as the bowler fires it in short and just pushes it to long-on.
1 run, too much flight there, overpitched and the batsman chooses the safer option to drive with the spin to deep cover.
SIX runs, yes. Yes, yes, yes. That bottom-handed whip again. Wide of long-on. the bowler misses his length yet again and despite this being a slower ball, he is punished. the batsman barely moves his feet to get this right off the middle.
1 run, length ball, another wrong'un, this time headed towards middle stump. Presses forward and dabs it gently, with the turn into the covers.
1 wide, wild leg-side wide.
no run, full and just outside off, pushed straight to extra cover.
1 run, full on leg stump, leans in and flicks to deep midwicket's right.
FOUR runs, full outside off and this one's timed to perfection. He has been targeting that extra cover region, goes inside out.
FOUR runs, sliced over short third. Good length and across the corridor. Stays still and looks to slog this across the angle, loses his shape but has the runs.
1 run, bangs it in a bit short, Dhawan taps it to cover point for one.
no run, drives a length ball back to the bowler, not offering any width this time.
FOUR runs, the batsman keeps charging at him, Arshdeep bowls a wide length ball, and he gets a thick outside edge well fine of third man who is placed square.
1 run, wide outside off, and that's been cut hard past point. Quick bat speed on display from the batsman this time.
1 run, back of a length on leg stump. Cramps the batsman for room, but still manages to flick it behind square off the back foot.
FOUR runs, length outside off, this one comes on nicely to the bat with loads of room, and it's been crunched off the front foot over extra cover.
1 run, length ball on middle, and nudged off his pads to square leg.
1 run, length at middle stump, punched to midwicket.
no run, sneaks past the outside edge! Length ball, just outside off, and angling away slightly. Kishan tentatively presses forward, but he can't get the connection.
1 run, back of a length, mis-times the short-arm jab that loops up but falls safely, well in front of long-on.
no run, no quick singles! A slower delivery outside off, pushed to cover, the batsman sends a laboured Yuvraj back, ironic.
no run, full, and shaping slightly in to the right hander, who glances it straight to the man at midwicket.
no run, wide length ball, the batsman is slow getting on the front foot to drive, and is still on the move when he pushes at it with his hands. Beaten.
FOUR runs, full and wide outside off, the batsman opens the bat face and carves the ball through point for four. Sensational ball-striking, knew his area, didn't overhit.
1 run, short on off stump, but zipping into his pads. Whipped off his pads to short fine leg.
1 run, back of a length, angling across to off stump. Gets behind it and works it to the left of midwicket.
no run, on a length, just outside off, defended back to him.
1 run, full, nearly a yorker, dug out to deep point for one.
OUT, taken at long-off. Shankar stretches up and holds on to it in front of the SRH dugout. the batsman is livid with himself. He lost control of that shot. Short ball, googly, spinning away outside off. He wanted to cut firmly but that got big on him and he had to check his shot. It's commentary on the size of this ground that this shot was taken narrowly inside play because he didn't time that too well. But what a fantastic innings. Stunning, as he always is when he spends any amount of decent time in the middle.
no run, full outside off, and he goes for an expansive sweep. Takes his front foot across, but can't get bat to ball. Hits his pad outside off stump and goes through to Pant.
1 run, on the pads from the bowler, 96 kph, worked to midwicket for one.
no run, short and wide outside off, slashed away to backward point. Five dots. Pressure on the batsman.
1 run, full just outside off, and the batsman's drive takes a thick edge. Chipped over the bowler to long off.
1 run, slower ball just outside off, chopped off the back foot to third man.
1 run, googly, good length and into leg stump. Whipped to midwicket's right off the back foot.
SIX runs, slower ball, and that's a low full toss on middle stump, but the batsman winds up early for exactly that delivery. Gets his front leg towards the leg side and frees himself up enough to swing through the ball's line. Hit flat over wide long on.
SIX runs, this has been smacked over deep extra cover. Is that a no-ball? Thought I saw the umpire's right hand go out as he bowled the delivery. Missed his length completely, looking for a wide yorker, and Rohit picked that away. Okay, so this isn't a no-ball.
OUT, length ball, outside off, slower ball, and the batsman's hand has come off the handle. It hangs in the air, and Nabi tracks this from long off, and holds on! Is there a twist yet?.
1 run, good length and just outside off, opens the face and runs to short third.
1 run, stays still, it's outside off and drives it along the ground to sweeper cover for one.
1 run, chipped but lands in no man's land. Fullish on leg, and Suryakumar's attempted flick takes a leading edge towards mid on.
1 run, dropped by Stoinis at first slip Perfect outswinger - was the bowler ever away? (and why was he away) - and Stoinis clangs it. Flew to his right at catchable height. the bowler has a smile. Would have been the perfect comeback. the batsman had pushed at it with static feet.
1 run, backs away and drills this low full toss to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, swiped away. Kohli probably went Moeen expecting Warner to take strike. Turns out it's the batsman's big stride that meets  Mo. Outside off at a length, ends up past square leg and into the boundary.
1 run, full on leg stump, flicked straight to deep midwicket.
no run, yorker length at leg stump, can't get this off the pitch.
1 run, short of a length, tucked away off the hip for one.
no run, length ball around off, stays in the crease and defends.
1 run, full outside off, clipped away through midwicket.
1 run, flatter and faster, the batsman miscues a slog-sweep to deep midwicket.
2 runs, short of a length, around off, punched to deep midwicket for two.
no run, another tentative push back to him.
SIX runs, waist-high full toss, and that's been drilled over deep midwicket! The umpire at square leg says it's a legal delivery. Was close. McClenaghan tried to get his fingertips to it in the deep, but the ball sails just over.
2 leg byes, back of a length, fired down the leg side, helped along to the right of long leg and he charges down the pitch and back for a second.
no run, blocks a shortish delivery angled into the right-hander. He did this to Hardik Pandya and kept him quiet, refusing him any hitting room.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to mid-off's right.
OUT, advances and looks to go over the top to another widish ball, and the slice goes towards backward point, and Klaasen the substitute takes this one.
no run, slower and fuller outside off, hint of drift in, this is dabbed straight to short third man.
1 run, good length outside off, the batsman gets down low and steers to short third man's left.
1 run, tossed up outside off, the batsman leans into it and pushes it through the covers for one.
SIX runs, nails it. the bowler bowls the batsman's dream ball. Good length, offcutter not very well concealed, just outside off. Spinning into his arc. He has the front foot in the leg side and the full swing sends it over midwicket.
FOUR runs, short, wide, the batsman gets on his toes and slaps it away to the backward point boundary.
no run, driven on the up but straight to mid-off.
1 run, drifting into off, he whips this to deep midwicket.
1 run, looks to come forward but then goes back and cuts with a thick outside edge after the turn to short third man.
1 run, full, angling away from off stump. the batsman shuffles out of his crease before the bowler releases, and across his stumps too, and gets into position to clip it quietly down to long-on.
1 run, muscles the short ball in front of square to deep midwicket.
1 run, but the moment there's width, the batsman's brutal. Carves the short ball away to the right of deep third man.
no run, short of good length outside off, tries to get on top of the bounce and punches to point.
no run, banged in shorter, can't get it away. This is a fine little spell that is just about putting KXI in the box seat.
2 runs, on the pads, it's full, and he flicks it nicely towards wide long-on for two more.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket's right.
1 run, walking at him again, Krishna goes short of a length, pushed wide of mid-on for one.
no run, flighted, outside off, and he presses forward to defend this.
SIX runs, this is too short and angling in, Washington stays inside the crease and slaps this over long-on. That should give him some batting confidence.
1 run, good length on middle stump, flicked to deep square.
1 run, full outside off, leans into a drive to the left of sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, touch short outside off, plays back and cuts it through point, excellent placement as it beats the sweeper.
1 run, back of a length, angling in on off, punched to extra cover.
1 run, adjusts better to the pace of the bowler and plants the ball in the gap at cover.
no run, flatter and quicker outside off, left alone.
no run, low full toss, driven to deep point, but he turns down the single again.
no run, length and just outside off, punched back to the bowler on the up.
5 wide, short ball is too short. Even for the keeper. Leaps up with his right hand and can't get to that, Prabsimran.
no run, Has the batsman nicked this down leg? There was a noise, given wide and Karthik has reviewed There's some pad on the way. So it shouldn't be a wide for starters. the batsman survives.
no run, yorker, outside off. And the batsman squeezes it away towards point. Off the bat's toe end.
no run, length on middle stump, defended off the back foot.
1 run, driven on the up and on the walk, wide of mid-off, but can't beat him completely.
no run, full on leg stump, flicked straight to mid-on.
1 run, overpitched again, driven down to long-off this time.
OUT, oh they've got him at the non-striker's end, surely! Yes. Priyam Garg has sent the batsman back. Superb, superb work. It's a good ball to start off, the bowler nails the away-swinging yorker at middle stump. the batsman jabs it in extra cover's direction. Garg with a clean pick up, a quick pivot to open his body up and hit the single stump on the bounce.
SIX runs, clears deep midwicket on the long side! the bowler with some poor lengths this over. Short outside off, clears the front leg and wallops this. A proper slog.
2 runs, back of a length and angling in on off, the batsman has an almighty leg-side swipe, and skews it to the right of Rashid at deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, the batsman gets on top of a short ball outside off and cuts it away to the point boundary.
1 run, squeezes this full length delivery straight to extra cover.
1 run, short, a bit of width, taps it away on top of the bounce for a single to deep point.
no run, short ball, follows him as he backs away. Draws a dot.
SIX runs, bam! Lines up and pumps this over the square leg boundary! Length ball just outside off, steps into the line and swings wholeheartedly.
SIX runs, that's even better. Steps down the track and mows this over long-on. A typical the batsman strike, just giving the impression that it may not be clean, and then sailing well over.
1 run, short of a length at leg stump, watchfully turned off his hips to deep square's left.
SIX runs, goes short outside off, and the batsman simply checks his pull shot. Doesn't matter. It comes off the bat's bottom half, but the shot soars over long on! How powerful is this man. Replays show that the knuckle ball just didn't come off.
SIX runs, he's in full control. Once again, puts the pressure with one six and makes the bowler bowl exactly what he wants the next ball. the bowler's slower ball is anticipated - he's going down on his knee very early outside off. When it arrives, he scoops him over fine leg.
no run, swing. Late away swing in the corridor. the batsman on the front foot and jabbing at this with soft hands. Gets it into his body off the inside edge.
SIX runs, slower ball, ends up as a full-toss on off stump, and this is why he refused that single. Again takes that big back-and-across step, which allows him to get underneath this ball and whip it away over wide long-on.
1 run, high full toss, on the pads, hit to deep square for one.
OUT, Goswami gathers the throw from Kane Williamson and catches Watson short. the batsman pushes it to cover, and they chance a quick single. But Watson isn't quick enough. Some respite for Sunrisers.
1 run, short of a length around off, pulled quietly to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, full and wide outside off, but that's another slower ball from the bowler. Driven firmly, and with the bat's open face, to deep point again.
1 run, shorter length, on leg, he's back and working this to deep square.
no run, gets down to a reverse sweep but to the wrong length. It's a length ball outside off and the ball sneaks past.
no run, worked to midwicket.
no run, back of a length and put outside off, the batsman hangs back to this and chops it behind in the direction of slip.
1 run, length ball on off stump, gets on the front foot to drive to long-off.
OUT,  Cleaned up,  the middle stump has been flattened! This is a top, top delivery. Angles in a cross-seam delivery length from wide of the crease, this may have nipped away ever-so-slightly as the batsman looked to play across the line. Missed it to see the stumps pegged back.
no run, short, and he plays it away towards midwicket.
1 run, full outside off, goes to drive but can only get it to long-on off the inside half of the bat.
no run, short of a good length, curve away in the corridor. Defended off the back foot.
1 run, shortish and outside off, short-armed away to deep midwicket.
no run, fuller ball, and he drives it towards covers.
1 run, slower short ball just outside off, chopped on the bounce to short third.
1 run, short, towards his body, and he takes his bottom hand off and fends this away towards square leg.
no run, the googly, picks him well. the batsman backs away, reads the googly and defends. Two dots in three balls.
1 wide, length ball skidding down leg, can't get bat on the flick.
no run, backs away and cuts, straight to short third man this time. Deceived in flight but went through with the stroke.
no run, probing start, the bowler landing a virtual yorker just outside off and the batsman digging it out to point.
1 run, swung away, one bounce to deep midwicket.
no run, full, nearly a yorker, just outside off, dug out for a dot.
1 run, short of a length, tucked away off the hip for a single to long leg.
OUT, another unwarranted stroke and that's the third KKR wicket! Length on middle, he goes for the pull shot, it keeps a tad low again, skids onto the batsman as well, who only manages to toe-end it to midwicket, where Rayudu takes a neat catch diving forward.
1 run, back of a length and angling across off from over the wicket, dabbed through point with soft hands.
no run, back of a length and breaks away outside off, Baz, having pressed forward, goes back and dabs to cover.
1 run, length ball on middle and off, clipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, flighted, and dips on him, he was giving him the charge, ends up inside edging to midwicket.
FOUR runs, caressed through cover point. Lovely timing. No meet at all, but his hands are nicely behind this outswinger outside off. Punches through the line with no fuss.
FOUR runs, another pick-up into the leg side. Short and climbing in the corridor. Similar to most of the last few deliveries, but a different strategy this time. Hoicks without fuss to the midwicket boundary.
no run, dragged down outside off, instead of smashing it over cover, Kishan hits it straight to the fielder.
1 run, misfield at mid-onby Uthappa. Short and just outside off, mistimed pull and it's snuck through from under Uthappa.
2 runs, steps out and squeezes this off a thick inside edge to long-on.
no run, too close to cut as the batsman misses and the ball goes over the outside edge.
no run, goes short, and the batsman rides the bounce. Fends it off the back foot and carefully sees the over out.
1 leg bye, googly from around the wicket, spins back into the pads, as Hardik gives himself room, hurries onto him a little as well, leg bye down to short third-man.
2 runs, yorker length on leg stump, clipped to deep square.
1 run, length ball, and too wide outside off. Comfortably cut off the back foot to deep point. A loose ball to start his spell.
1 run, full on off, and pushed off the front foot to wide mid off.
no run, bouncer to de Villiers too. He sways out of its line, and he has to hurry up as he does that because it is following him.
1 run, short and turning away outside off. Late cut to short third.
1 run, drilled back, bowler tries to parry it onto the stumps but this kisses his fingers and barely changes track.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
1 run, length ball, on off, and tapped towards point with the bat's open face. They scramble across for a single.
1 run, flicks the flatter delivery straying into the pads to fine leg. the bowler's spell is over: 4-0-47-0.
4 byes, beats him by placing the legbreak outside off in response to Surya premeditating a scoop shot. But the ball keeps low and skitters through the keeper for four.
no run, length ball around off, stays back and dabs it towards point, was looking to steal a single but not there.
1 run, length, and he goes back and punches this to sweeper cover.
1 wide, full and wide outside off, can't reach out to that.
no run, fullish length outside off, driven into cover.
no run, tries to cramp the batsman with a back of a length ball on leg stump, the batsman swings it away to short fine leg.
1 run, good length and staying low at leg stump. Flicked to deep square's left.
1 run, back of a length, just outside off, and he steers this off the back foot to third man.
1 run, good length and turning away outside off, jabbed into the covers.
1 run, good length at off stump, shuffles and flicks straight to square leg.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to long-off. Don't expect the batsman to take this chase lightly.
1 wide, full and swung way down leg side. Can't get bat on it.
OUT, Caught at backward point! Superb catch from Axar! This was crunched! It was short and wide and he cracks a cut shot low to Axar who cooly pouches the low chance on the circle.
1 run, slower ball at a length on off stump, dropped into the off side with soft hands.
1 run, length outside off, slapped to long-off.
1 run, full outswinger just outside off, driven off the toe-end, past the bowler.
no run, good length on off stump, and taps it towards the off side.
2 runs, slower ball again, full, on the toes, clipped into a hole on the leg side for two.
SIX runs, smashed. the batsman's gone to his highest IPL score at 90. He's batting very deep in his crease and the bowler is not getting his yorkers right. DK stays back and power-drives it over long-on with a lot of bottom hand.
2 runs, yorker length wide outside off, reaches out and jams it to third man's right.
1 run, length ball around off, Rohit plays it towards cover with soft hands and scampers to the other end for one more.
1 run, good length at the hips, whipped to deep square.
no run, good length on leg stump, and shapes into his pads. Tries to flick towards the leg side but misses. Hits his front leg, but the lbw appeal is turned down. They're reviewing anyway Is it too high, that's the only question  and yes! Slightly too high. Would've clipped the stumps, but that's umpire's call.
2 runs, length ball, and he skips down the wicket and plays this towards deep backward square leg. Back for the second, and that is HUNDRED for the batsman. Skips up in the air to celebrate and then takes his helmet off. This has been a top-quality innings. Pedal to the metal from ball one, literally!.
no run, short of a length, quick, no room, punched with an open face to point.
1 run, front of the hand short ball outside off, punched to deep extra cover.
no run, toe-ends a slog from way outside off towards mid on.
1 wide, slower delivery but down leg, the umpire will have tougher decisions to make tonight.
no run, length on middle, defended.
no run, full and curving in on off, driven to short cover.
1 run, slower short ball again, pulled to deep square leg for one.
SIX runs, moves across to get close to a ball outside off, and slog-sweeps this for six. Fifty for Moeen!.
1 run, looks for the wide yorker again, but bowls full enough to deny him an aerial hit. Drilled to long-on for one.
1 run, offbreak, straight, worked into the leg side for one.
no run, full outside off, comes down the wicket and tries to blast him over the off side, gets a thick inside edge, back onto his foot and the keeper retrieves.
1 run, wallops a pull from outside off but can only hit it as far as deep midwicket.
no run, length ball around off, goes back and punches it towards covers.
SIX runs, easy little pick-up. Too easy for the batsman. Offcutter, full and just outside off. He's picked it and he's brought that bat in a straight path from under it to casually pick up six over the straight boundary.
1 run, back of a length from around the wicket, angling into him. Slower ball again. pushed into the offside for a single.
1 run, another slower one, fuller on the stumps, driven towards long-off from the crease, that single brings up the fifty stand between these two.
2 runs, digs this one in short, the batsman is ready for the hook, but mis-times it. He is looking square leg, but ends up hitting this over wide mid-on. Has enough behind it to clear the circle, though.
no run, short of a length, wide, the batsman goes back on the cut, but can't beat point.
1 run, bit of mix-up halfway through the pitch as the batsman dabs the slower ball towards backward point and Yuvraj fumbles there to make the batsmen go back and forth. No damage in the end.
1 run, full at off stump, nicely forward to flick this down to long-on.
1 run, good length and pushed through at middle stump, driven down to long-on.
no run, back of a length, wide outside off, but this is the slower ball too. the batsman walks across to the off side, but misses, completely deceived by the lack of pace. Rayudu throws the ball over the batsman's head, and nearly hits the back of the batsman's head. Luckily it doesn't, and Rayudu and the batsman share a smile.
1 run, short ball that cuts into him, helps it along with a pull to deep backward square leg.
1 run, skidder, stays low on middle, the batsman sits back and shovels it away to deep midwicket.
no run, another slower delivery outside off, carved to short third man. Loud call of nooo from Kohli.
FOUR runs, bottom edge, but this races fine to the third man boundary. He was looking to cut.
1 run, length ball, outside off, driven to the right of deep cover, but they won't take Miller on for the second.
no run, beaten again. Looked to smack the cover off that delivery, another legcutter outside off.
FOUR runs, nudged to fine leg. A short ball headed for his under-arm and he leaps off the floor and fends this fine with the angle.
no run, very full and on off stump, defended back to the bowler.
1 run, Midhun: Bit misfield runs are in bowlers quota too.even without it being his mistake .
1 run, good yorker, angled into the batsman's pads as he clips to deep midwicket.
1 run, quick single to end the over. Back of a length once more, but the batsman gets inside the line of the ball and defends with soft hands. Cover's too far, so the batsman can call for the run.
FOUR runs, shot! Two extremely good shots from the batsman, back to back. This time he gets four. Just no risk at all and he has six from two. This is length, pushed across him and he merely opens the face to lift it over point.
1 run, leading edge but safe, rolls to long-off. Was looking to work this through midwicket but didn't pick the googly.
no run, length ball on middle stump, punched back at the bowler on the up.
1 run, full, outside off, punched to long-off. And good to see he has learnt his lesson. No converting ones into twos off a slight fumble.
1 run, short and wide outside off, carved to deep point.
2 runs, slashed this over cover, gets a thick outside edge but it falls safely and they take two. Risky shot, but fortune was with him.
1 run, length ball coming into him, the batsman is on the move again, but flicks it off his pads to midwicket in the circle.
1 run, angled to short third man.
1 run, full and straight, Dhawan makes room to drive this to deep cover for one.
1 wide, short and down leg side, beaten on the pull.
1 run, short of a length outside off, swats at it and gets a thick outside edge to third man.
1 run, yorker, middle and leg, dug out for one.
2 runs, whips this shortish delivery into the gap at deep midwicket.
1 run, good length and just outside off, hangs the bat out and gets an inside edge down to fine leg.
1 run, stays back and slaps this past mid-off.
FOUR runs, buffet ball. Short, wide outside off and Rohit belted this through point. No chance for square third man. Pretty similar to the first delivery. Very poor from Corey the bowler.
1 run, wide length ball, runs off the outside half of the bat for a single to third man.
1 wide, a very short slower ball, loops through to the keeper as he lets it go and gets the wide call.
1 run, full on leg, but spinning across AB. He taps it with soft hands towards midwicket, and they call early for the single. They want the second, but Sandeep did well to cover a lot of ground.
SIX runs, spanked over mid-off. Short ball takes an eternity to lift up outside off. He waits on that crunches it. Mid-off is in the circle. He had to use his own power for that, got nothing off the surface.
1 run, full on off, and he comes down the wicket. Tapped to long off for a walking single.
no run, flat on off stump. It's overpitched so the batsman's cramped for space too. Defended towards the off side.
1 run, full inswinger outside off, shuffles and uses the swing to clip this to mid-on's riht.
OUT, and the third over does the trick. He might not have got Buttler but he has got another wicket. Short ball, at his body, no room. the batsman tries to get inside the line to help it to leg, but he is late on it, and Karthik takes the catch.
2 runs, full outside off, the batsman sweeps hard along the ground towards squareleg where the fielder saves a certain boundary but the fumble allows a couple, nonetheless.
no run, swing and a miss this pitch is not conducive to strokeplay perhaps. It held up a bit, length outside off. the batsman wanted to slap through cover, but couldn't connect.
1 run, length in the corridor, solidly behind the line as he pushes this to mid-off with soft hands.
FOUR runs, inside edge past short fine. He follows the batsman down leg side and he can't get the attempted slog away.
1 run, wide yorker, can't do better than hit it straight to deep cover for one.
2 runs, length on middle, swinging back in, tucked away through squareleg for two.
no run, tossed up outside off, jabbed straight to extra cover.
1 run, full toss on off stump, and the batsman muscles this towards cow corner.
no run, fired on off, pushed back to the bowler.
no run, length and into the body, nudged to midwicket.
2 runs, lovely paddle sweep off the stumps, well controlled for a couple to get off the mark.
1 run, half-tracker on off, and pulled along the grass to deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, no room, opens the face on it for a single.
FOUR runs, length ball, and he gets down on one knee and flogs this over short fine leg. Terrific shot again!.
FOUR runs, sliced over extra cover. Not timed well at all from the batsman. It's a length ball going away off the pitch. He wants to go in that direction, but the poor connection means it's one bounce and into the boundary.
SIX runs, pumped straight over the bowler. Short and at middle stump. Walks down into the leg side and hits this on the rise, almost a straight pull.
no run, looks like a knuckle ball outside off, the batsman delays his shot and dabs to point.
no run, wide bouncer first up. the batsman goes after it but is too slow to get bat on it.
2 runs, slower length ball outside off, drags it towards deep midwicket, comes back for the second.
SIX runs, the batsman is carrying CSK home. Low full-toss on middle stump, the batsman clears his front leg and wallops it into the stands beyond midwicket for the third six of the over.
no run, length ball on the stumps, looks to work it on the leg side but not enough room, ends up tapping it down instead.
no run, googly, breaks back in, the batsman does not pick it, swings and manages an inside edge onto the pad.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked through midwicket.
1 wide, slides down the leg side and sneaks past the batsman's attempt to clip it.
no run, length ball, wide outside off, and tapped to cover.
SIX runs, hip-high short ball outside off, you've got to get it up higher. After playing three dots, the batsman jumps outside leg and hacks it over the long-on fielder for six.
OUT, four, six, and out! the batsman screams in agony. He runs down the track, the bowler bowls a slider, angling in from around the stumps, the batsman does not meet the pitch, the spinner hits the middle stump.
1 run, tossed up on leg stump, worked to deep midwicket.
1 run, length, turns into him after pitching on leg, and he goes back and eases this towards deep midwicket.
no run, some flight outside off, driven to cover from the crease.
no run, back of a length on off, and he rides the bounce to block off the back foot. Ball rolls back to KG the bowler.
no run, full outside off, the top spinner, the batsman swings across the line, gets a thick inside edge to midwicket.
no run, length around off, the batsman looks to defend, skids on and hits the toe end and dribbles towards Smith at first slip.
no run, beaten. Draws him forward this time. And then glides it past the bat. He's looking to drive through the covers.
1 run, thick inside edge to midwicket. Sets up outside off again, it's a full toss again, but he miscues the slog.
SIX runs, slapped over long-on! Good length ball, dipping and very slow at middle stump. He steps out and is not to the pitch of the ball so this has taken some incredible power to launch on the up. Had to make all the power.
1 run, short of a length, at his hip, pulled down and in front of square for one.
no run, steers this length ball straight to point.
1 run, yorker again, and this time he toe-ends it towards backward square leg. Examines his bat at the end of that ball.
1 run, short of a good length and wide outside off, throws the bat at it and ends up slicing it again. To sweeper's right.
no run, googly, climbing onto the thigh guard as he stays on the back foot to try and punch this through the leg side.
no run, slower ball, cramps him up with this length ball. Dot ball.
1 run, uses the inwards angle to turn around and guide it to backward square leg.
1 wide, full, ends up angling this a long way down the leg side. the batsman can't connect with the flick.
no run, pushed through quicker on middle, punched to mid-on.
no run, a mix-up but Pooran safe in the end. Good length ball, pushed to midwicket's left. Where it is Garg again. the batsman went halfway down but Pooran probably saved a little because he was ball-watching. Apologies from the batsman.
2 leg byes, walking at him again. He has been doing this all IPL, it seems like. the bowler bowls the inswinger, and that beats him, but he has managed to get outside the line. Gets two leg-byes off the thigh pad.
no run, short and wide from the bowler, not the best start. Slashed away to backward point.
1 run, Sandeep at mid-off drops a relatively simple chance. Pops in and pops out. Rashid unfurls a wrong'un that slides away outside off. Kishan dares to step out and slog. He only top-edges it hiiiiigh into the night sky. It drops down and Sandeep drops it.
5 runs, overthrows. the batsman dabs a length ball into the leg side and Karthik slides, swivels and throws a very very wide throw as he tries to run the batsman out at the other end. Russell puts in a big dive to the left at mid-off but can't stop that.
no run, on a length, outside off, the rare time that the batsman has stayed in his crease. Defends.
1 leg bye, back of a length, misses the flick behind square as the ball goes off the hip.
no run, full and angled into off stump, he pushes to mid-off.
1 run, shortish, gets a thickish outside edge on the cut to short third man.
no run, on a length, outside off, pushed towards point. Sent back rightly by Kishan.
no run, shifts back and hurriedly punches it into the off side as it bounces extra.
no run, good length at off, looks to glance, only manages to get it into the pitch.
3 runs, caressed! Length ball, angling across, and he rides the bounce to punch a shot through the off side. M Ashwin, from cover, gives the ball a mighty chase.
1 run, backs away and slaps a shortish delivery to the sweeper cover, where Rashid keeps it to only one.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, jabbed into the covers.
1 run, short and just a shade outside off, turns in slightly, the batsman punches a single down to long-on.
2 runs, works it off his hips to long leg, and Rashid hits the turf after being off-balance in trying to throw the ball in quickly.
1 run, walks across and whips this length ball to deep midwicket.
1 run, full on off, and tries to slog towards the leg side. Slices it towards deep backward square though.
SIX runs, picks the slower ball early, clears the front leg, and slogs this over midwicket.
1 run, punched down the ground.
no run, yorker, but very wide outside off. the batsman lets the ball go despite not moving across, but Umpire Nitin Menon says that's a fair ball! the batsman throws his bat in the air, since he can't believe it.
FOUR runs, oh, shot. Terrific strike from the batsman first ball as he pulls it with lots of bottom hand power through midwicket.
no run, good length on middle stump, and tapped back to the bowler off the back foot. Sharma wants the single, but the bowler is quick to recover.
OUT, tries to pull this short one but skews it in the air off the top part of the bat. Unadkat at long leg moves forward and takes a superb low catch. Around shin height.
SIX runs, this is a ferocious pull. No matter how spiteful the surface is, if you bowl half-trackers like those, you will be put away. Harshal fetches this from outside off and imperiously pulls over the deep square leg fence.
1 run, back of a length, angling in towards off stump, gets on the back foot to play a straight-bat push into the midwicket region.
2 runs, backs away and punches this into the gap at deep cover to bring up the winning runs.  Chennai Super Kings consolidate their position at the top.  Seventh win in eight games for them. KKR slump to their third straight loss and have a lot of soul-searching to do. They concerns will multiply further as Andre Russell didn't take the field after hobbling off early in the chase.
OUT, in the slot, spanked high and hard, there's a fielder lurking at deep mid-off, and he just about clings on! Yadav over-ran that shot at first, and almost slid back into a position to catch it in his midriff. Ungainly, but timely!.
1 run, legcutter, good length and in at off stump. Punched to extra cover.
no run, lucky to get away with that! Too short and outside off, the batsman thumps this straight to point.
1 run, length ball outside off, slashed along the ground to third man.
1 run, full outside off, the batsman goes for the big booming drive but only gets an outside edge to third-man.
no run, Rohit saunters down the track, swings wildly at another outswinger, and does not make contact again. Strange shots from Rohit. He usually takes his time to settle down.
no run, looked to swipe that into downtown Chandigarh, missed it completely. Cleared his front leg to blast this length ball across the line.
1 run, yorker on middle, swung away to deep squareleg for one.
no run, full on middle, and driven down the ground with the bat's open face to cover.
no run, strides forward to a fullish length ball outside off, and the batsman defends back with a neat stride forward.
no run, length ball on middle stump, flicked on the up to midwicket's left but can't beat his dive.
2 runs, full and drifted in at off stump, gets forward and slices it to sweeper's left.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended to point off the back foot.
OUT, appeal for catch behind as the batsman is cramped. Kohli reviews. Short of a length and into his body as he's skipping down leg side again. There is a sound as it goes through. AB lunges low to his right to cover the angle of the bowler being around the wicket. He didn't seem convinced. It's definitely got a part of the batsman's body. But did it hit glove before that? Early pictures on Ultra Edge suggest that it might have. Disturbance as the ball goes past his glove. challenge for the umpire is to determine whether that's trouser or glove and he'll have to check purely on visuals for that. For gaps and light. The ball is right in between the glove's edge and where the abdomen guard would be. I can see the ball is touching the gloves here, he says. So that will be out. The debate will be - if it took that long, was there enough conclusive evidence to overturn it? He sounded confident by the end of it. It seemed based purely on the spikes on Ultra Edge.
1 run, tries the big slog sweep, but the bowler keeps it slow and out of his reach. Another edge to short third for a single.
no run, length ball, slower, angles away, and he fails to make contact with an intended slog across the line.
1 run, he is moving across early, Arshdeep stays on a length and wide outside off. Doesn't let him get inside the line. Just the single to leg.
no run, length ball wide outside off, zips past the outside edge as he swishes at this.
1 run, fuller around off, smashes it back at the bowler from the front foot, the bowler gets a hand to it.
no run, good length outside off, gets forward and flicks it back down the pitch.
1 run, good length outside off, but he starts off with the slower ball. Opens his bat's face and waits for the delivery to come to him, before glancing it to third man.
no run, tosses this up, it turns into him, and he has to defend this back to the bowler.
1 run, short of a length at off stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, good length googly at middle, leans in and clips to midwicket's right.
FOUR runs, b>spanked to long-off's right. That's a good looking drive. Good length and sliding on quickly outside off, goes through the line and on the rise.
1 run, full slower ball at middle stump. Shuffles and flicks, gets it off the inside edge and towards short fine.
SIX runs, smoked! Googly, at a length on leg stump. Gets the front leg into the leg side and slogs this over midwicket.
1 wide, short and very wide outside off. Looks to cut and misses.
FOUR runs, that is just rotten luck. A sharp bouncer, which hits the bat instead of bat making any move towards hitting it. In fact NCN is preserving his self and looking to sway away. The top edge, though, flies over short fine.
no run, floater at a length, away from off stump. Beaten on the cut.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched into the leg side.
no run, good length on off stump, defended towards mid-off.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, steered to third man for one.
1 leg bye, lovely slower ball, mostly because it dips on the batsman, and the batsman is unable to cope with the sudden change in direction. Tries to flick, but it goes off the pad and barely leaves the square.
1 run, short of a length and turning into leg stump. Glanced out to deep square.
no run, full on off, 135 kph, blocked to mid-off. The little bit of swing we saw in the first over isn't there anymore.
no run, inswinging yorker at middle stump. Keeps the feet out of the way and jams it down into the pitch.
no run, on a length, slight swing, defended solidly off the front foot.
1 run, smashes the full delivery down the ground, Kohli sprints across to his right from long off and sends back a powerful throw to keep it to one. Both captains giving it their everything.
1 run, punches this length ball to long on.
1 run, good length outside off, leans in and punches to long-off on the front foot.
no run, back of a length, slower ball. the batsman tries to cut it over point, but he's completely deceived! Goes through to DK.
no run, wild! Short way outside off, but spins sharply inwards thereafter to eventually finish inside the tram-lines. the batsman left it alone, thinking it'll be a wide, but the umpire disagreed.
no run, length and just outside off, tapped into the covers from the crease.
OUT, taken at mid-off! One time too many from the batsman. But the bigger question - why this time? the bowler brought in particularly to get another wicket immediately. It is his last over. the batsman wants to loft this slower length ball over mid-off, but this time the timing isn't there. Simple catch.
2 runs, short of a length, whipped off the hips to the gap at deep midwicket.
1 run, floated up on a length at off stump. Clears the front leg and drags it out to deep midwicket off the inside half.
FOUR runs, he's tied it! Incredible! Full ball at the stumps, backs away once more and slices it to long-off's left. Mohit with the big dive to get a hand on that, but it gets tangled up in his body as he makes connection with the boundary padding.
1 run, on a length, outside off, punched down to long-off for one.
no run, full outside off and bunted straight to mid-off.
1 run, walks down the ground and the bowler pulls his length back, the batsman steers to third man with an open face.
no run, short of a length, on off, punched to cover-point.
1 wide, good length, flat and wide outside off. Left alone.
FOUR runs, short, and down leg side, and he swings this away and beats short fine leg. Always four once it beat that man in the inner ring.
1 run, short and wide outside off again, but once more angling into the batsman's body. Opens his bat's face and runs it down to third man. First runs.
no run, another swing, another miss. This time the bowler angled it full from around the stumps, Washington looked to hit this over long-on.
no run, tries the big sweep, is beaten and hit on the pad, but this is pitched outside leg.
1 leg bye, slower ball, short of a length and raps him on the back thigh as he goes through with the pull shot. That pitched outside off and kept low.
1 run, too short and he wants to set himself up to pull it hard but mistimes it, bounces to long-on.
FOUR runs, swatted into the gap at midwicket. A short delivery around middle and leg, pulled away into the gap at midwicket.
1 run, flat on middle, but turning in further. the batsman mistimes his whip to deep backward square. But gets to fifty.
1 run, pushed wide of the bowler for a single to long-off.
to Rayudu, 1 run, short outside off, shuffles and pulls to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, short outside off, the batsman rocks back and bisects point and short third-man with the cut.
OUT, short ball, goes for the pull, gets it high on the bat and ends up splicing it to Hardik Pandya at midwicket. Was really done for pace there as he tried to pull it off the front foot.
1 run, around length outside off, tickled to the leg side with the angle.
1 run, length ball from Rashid outside off, and sliding away. Backs away to cut square to deep point.
1 wide, inswinger on a good length. But it starts on middle and slides down.
SIX runs, over square leg now! Half-tracker on middle, and the batsman rocks back deep into his crease before pulling this over the fielder on the leg side.
1 run, full ball, wide of off stump, and he runs this down to third man.
FOUR runs, low full toss on leg stump, but that's too easy for the batsman. Flicked off his toes, and past short fine leg!.
1 run, good length, on off stump, punches to long-off.
2 runs, back of a length and angling into the hips, swatted to deep square leg for a double.
no run, on a length, outside off, looks to punch this hard but doesn't get any power into this.
1 run, back of a length on off, the batsman punches it in the air, Umesh running to his left from deep midwicket swats the ball away to Kohli running across from wide long-on.
1 run, dropped short and he quickly gets on the back foot to swat this to deep square.
1 run, fullish on the stumps, flicked to deep square leg to retain strike.
1 run, floats this full on off stump, defended towards cover for a quick single.
1 run, on a length, angling in, and they go past their own lowest total with a single to long-on.
no run, full awayswinger, much better from the bowler, left alone in the channel.
SIX runs, see ya! Overpitched on the legs with that angle. Clears the long leg boundary, like he will in this form.
FOUR runs, dismisses it to the boundary - he was eyeing midwicket, but he'll settle for extra cover. Mr 360 at his very best, starting things off by moving across outside off to open up the leg side. But Harshal one-ups him by bowling wide, as far wide as he dares. But the batsman raises the game with a blistering lofted drive for his fifty, off only 24 balls.
2 runs, tossed up full on off stump, the batsman gets on the front foot to chip over the covers. Doesn't really go hard at it, so it hangs in the air for a long time, but drops well short of long-off moving to his left and coming in off the rope.
2 runs, googly at a length on middle stump, steps out and is beaten in flight. Manages to jab it into the vacant leg side off the inside edge.
1 run, on a length, outside off, driven with an open face, gets a single to deep point.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, pulled to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, the wide yorker outside off, Rohit opens the bat face and guides the ball through backward point for four.
OUT, caught by Curran at deep square leg. Could it be  could it be ? Tried to fetch a pull from outside off to a ball that didn't really bounce all that much, ends up getting more height than distance. Curran has to merely take a few steps to get into position and gobble it up.
1 run, fuller, and he comes forward to drive this down to long on.
1 run, fuller, he drives firmly to long on.
1 run, wrong'un which he eases wide of point.
no run, flat, back of a length, on leg stump, clipped to midwicket.
no run, length ball moving away from off stump, watched through to the keeper.
1 run, length in the corridor, soft hands as he gets this down to third man.
no run, low full toss on middle and leg, and the batsman smacks it straight down the ground. Well stopped by the bowler on his followthrough, who sticks his right hand out.
no run, spins back in from length on off, defended.
1 run, good length on off, and wild spin once again off the surface. Cuts this legspinner to deep extra cover. Gives his brother the strike.
1 run, flat and quick length ball on middle and off, and he goes on the back foot to clip towards mid-on.
no run, good length at middle stump, defended off the front foot.
1 run, short of a length at off stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
no run, squared up by the length as he defends to the man coming in from cover.
1 wide, yorker-length on the pads, Dhawan overbalanced as he misses. Poor call from umpire Virender Sharma. Flicked the pad.
FOUR runs, Faf continues to chance his arm. He is taking the risks for CSK tonight. He charges out, flays at the ball away from the body, and drags an inside edge past the leg stump, to the left of DK.
FOUR runs, full toss, and he gets this past short third man and point. Precise placement, and just using the pace of the ball.
FOUR runs, back to business for Mumbai. Short and wide outside off, weight quickly onto the front foot and slapped to cover's right.
1 run, yorker again, played back at him, misfielded by the bowler, allows him the single.
no run, inside edge onto boot. Slower and at a length outside off. Looks for the slog sweep.
2 runs, back of a length and angling in on middle, clipped to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, past short fine. Short and at the hips from Bhuvi and that is pressure straight away on him. Boundaries off the first two balls. Easily swiped away.
1 leg bye, length, angled in and that  skids on to the batsman who is late on the pull and struck on his right arm but they get a leg bye.
OUT, the bowler strikes with his third ball on IPL debut. the batsman has a word with Jadhav and decides against a review. This is plumb. Flatter googly, breaks in, too full for the sweep. This would have crashed into middle stump.
no run, full, really full, yorks him up, dug out to cover.
no run, bouncer gets too big for him to get that upper cut away.
no run, back of a length and just outside off. Fended off the back foot with soft hands.
1 run, Dhawan flies to his right and can't hold on! Oh what a catch that would have been! the bowler gets it to rise in the corridor and the batsman fends at it with hard hands. It is sailing high and very wide of Dhawan at wide slip. He does superbly to even reach it. But can only parry it to third man.
no run, again that away swing in the fifth-stump channel, short of a good length. the batsman jabs at it without any footwork and is beaten.
FOUR runs, full, outside off, with mid-off inside the circle. You must have a death wish. the batsman here chooses to kill with paper cuts. A teasing push-drive to torture both mid-off and cover as it goes to the fence.
no run, full, and it's driven, but again he picks out cover perfectly.
no run, good length and outswinger again. Just outside off. Solidly defended on the front foot.
1 run, flat outside off, and angling into the batsman again. He backs away and cuts it between point and cover.
no run, excellent yorker, right towards the base of leg stump, the batsman jammed his bat down quickly to keep that out. A single may have been on, but Rohit lost his balance at the bowler's end.
1 run, slower ball, on leg, makes room to take a single to point.
no run, good length outswinger, wide outside off. Left alone.
2 runs, low full-toss outside off, the batsman stretches out and creams it to the right of sweeper cover. Excellent sliding save in the deep from Rashid.
1 run, down the wicket, not to its pitch, worked into the leg side for a single.
2 runs, short ball to the batsman, well outside off, but he goes ahead with the pull and clears mid-on.
1 run, whips a fuller ball towards long on.
no run, full and spins back in, Kishan can't put it away with a flick.
SIX runs, at last! A poor ball that's been punished! the batsman lines up this full toss with a lot of width outside off and slaps it over long-on.
1 run, the bowler nails another yorker. Dug out with an open face for just a single.
1 run, full outside off, driven to long-off.
FOUR runs, swept to the backward square boundary again. the bowler clearly has a plan to keep it at the batsman's legs, but this is the second time he's made use of it. Gets low and gets it well to deep square's right.
2 runs, short of a length at leg stump, delicately pushed into the vacant midwicket region.
1 run, short and wide outside off. Had to make his own pace on the cut. Found point, where Uthappa misfields.
1 run, looks to drive, gets it off the inner half of the bat, rolls down to long on.
FOUR runs, ramped wide of leg gully. Good length outside off, skelter into the off side and gets low to get this ramp away and into the vacant fine leg boundary.
1 run, OUT, full toss at middle stump, goes too hard at the slog and miscues it. Ends up at long-on where Rahane has done brilliantly. Not the fielding itself, because it was straight at him. But the presence of mind to throw to the end the batsman is running at - the striker's end to keep strike. Took his time, lobbed it in really. Pant grabs it on the half-volley and catches the batsman well short. That is potentially a few runs saved for DC.
no run, falls short of cover. the batsman gets in a weird position there. Almost like it's the first time he's encountering a swinging ball. This goes away outside off and he hangs his bat out at it, no control at all.
no run, wide of the crease, angling into middle, shovelled away to wide long-on.
OUT, caught at deep midwicket! the bowler, who took a cricket ball to his eye, is bowling like a champion. Taking pace off the ball and preying on the pressure piling on the batsman. the batsman goes for the slog. Mistimes it badly and has to walk back.
1 run, gentle dab into the off side, behind point.
2 runs, good length and into leg stump, uses the angle to deep square's left.
FOUR runs, too much width with this wrong'un, and Pandya plays it smartly, delaying the cut shot, deliberately going to the right of point, not giving deep cover any chance.
1 run, good length and into middle stump. Looks to force through the off side, thick inside edge into the leg side.
2 runs, short of a length, offbreak, punched past short midwicket, and they come back for two.
FOUR runs, easy.  Short ball just outside off, third man is in. Opens the face and beats him.
FOUR runs, slashed on the rise. Full and wide outside off. Walks down at it and closes the face on this drive to get it well to sweeper point's right.
4 byes, the bowler nearly chops the batsman into half! 142ks, back of a length and zips back in from wide of the crease. There's that sharp angle from the bowler. Beats the inside edge, beats off stump, and beats a diving Kishan. Two fours followed by four byes. KKR won't complain.
OUT, oh man, the greatest 40 minutes of commentary have come to an end. the batsman has found deep midwicket with the pull, but he has made sure they win the match. Fifty-three off 31 after everybody wanted him thrown into the Gulf. Take a bloody bow, sir. You are a beautiful beautiful player. Storytellers kill for guys like you.
SIX runs, back of a length on the hips, 140ks, the batsman hangs on the back foot and then swivels around. He was expecting that length. Swatted flat and hard for six.
1 wide, the pressure is telling on the bowler, he slides one down leg again for another wide.
no run, length on middle, turn and bounce for the bowler again, the batsman wait for it this time, is squared up a little, but defends safely in the end.
no run, on off stump, and tailing into his pads. Tapped off the front foot to mid on. Shardul's soft appeal doesn't interest the umpire.
2 runs, back of a length and outside off, punched through the covers.
OUT, and now the catches are sticking too. Slower ball, the batsman looks to go over long-off, but toe-ends it for a sitter to Padikkal.
1 run, the bowler pulls his length back a shade, the batsman hopping into a nurdle to leg.
1 wide, full and down leg side, beaten on the sweep.
FOUR runs, good length, but wide outside off. DK simply sticks his bat out and ramps it just past the keeper's gloves. Minimal contact, and that helps him play it fine again.
no run, speared full and outside off, the batsman chases after a drive and is beaten.
1 run, pulls the short ball but doesn't get hold of it and gets a single to long on.
2 runs, full toss on middle, the batsman swings it away through the leg side and to the left of deep midwicket for two. Didn't time that at all.
SIX runs, oh, ho, ho, delightful! Full on middle stump, and that's been whipped over deep midwicket. Excellent pick-up from the batsman, and sent into the stands.
no run, a slower ball outside off, good change in pace, and angle (the ball going away instead of coming in). Pushed to cover point.
1 run, googly at a length outside off, driven to long-off.
1 run, fuller, but on the pads and the batsman works it between mid-on and midwicket.
no run, another arm ball that is just kept out. Sliding in at off stump and he just manages to block it, from very deep in the crease.
no run, short of a length, outside off, seams away a long way. Beaten.
no run, starts off with a jaffa! Angles in and holds its line as the batsman pokes and misses.
1 run, full on leg, and he offers the bat's straight face to drive down the ground. Long on runs to his left to clean up.
1 run, good length just outside off, and spinning into the batsman. Flicked off his pads to midwicket for a quick single.
no run, short ball outside off. Looks to guide this to third man's right but finds point.
no run, quicker, steered into the offisde.
1 run, googly, good length and into the pads. Whipped to deep square off the back foot.
no run, on a length, outside off, pushed to point. He is not charging through for ones.
1 run, leading edge as he looks to work this to leg, and Dhawan makes a diving save at point, much to the joy of Pant and Iyer, who seem to lov Dhawan.
1 run, shimmies down the wicket to nudge this length ball into the leg side. Dhawan wants the second but the batsman sends him back. The call is clear and early.
no run, hit on the back pad by a knuckleball that spins away off length. Played down the wrong line.
SIX runs, whack! No doubt about how well he's connected this. Slower ball, short and wide outside off. So much room. And he flat-blats it straight over the bowler.
no run, full just outside off, and Kishan takes a big stride forward to defend.
FOUR runs, length ball outside off, Rohit lofts through the line. Tahir can't bend low to cut that off at sweeper cover. Poor effort.
2 runs, walks out and steers this low full toss into the gap at deep point.
no run, slower off-cutter, and he shapes to run this towards short third man, but misses out completely.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and the batsman opens his bat's face to glance it towards short third man.
no run, and another leave! Does the batsman know the asking rate is above 10? He lets it go through outside off again.
1 run, flat and quick again, on leg, reverse-swept away to third man.
2 runs, half century. Every season, it is this man at the end for RCB. Full ball outside off, swatted to long-off's left  on the front foot.
no run, bouncer outside off. Looks for the upper cut but that's not an option tonight.
1 run, full on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, full and wide outside off, another swing and miss from the batsman.
no run, short of a length outside off, nicely behind the line to defend off the back foot.
no run, leading edge, rolls to cover.
SIX runs, lofted magnificently to the sightscreen! This was tossed up in the slot, a step hit for the batsman, and he swung through the line and middled it.
OUT, brilliant return catch by the bowler. He's shown Michael Jordan-like hang-time in the air. Brilliantly bowled slower ball on the stumps on a length. the batsman has no clue about it, way too early into the flick and he pops it in the air. It's flying above the bowler but he times his jump perfectly in the follow through to pluck it with his left hand stretched out full, in the air. And he's pumped.
no run, length around off, comes forward and taps it towards cover.
1 run, drops and runs to cover.
1 run, length ball around off, comes forward and punches it towards long-on.
FOUR runs, too short and Prithvi has clobbered that. Rocks back and flat-bats this to the deep square leg boundary.
no run, short and skidding into the body of the batsman. He pulls, misses, and cops a glancing blow on the mid-riff.
no run, flatter, full on middle, and Dhawan takes a big stride forward to play the sweep. Struck well, but can't beat backward square.
1 run, fullish on the fifth stump line, driven to long-off. Came off the toe-end of the bat.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, eased to third man.
1 run, slower ball, wide length ball, crunched to deep cover for one.
1 run, full and straight on off, crunches a drive to long-off.
SIX runs, flies for six! A short delivery down leg, plenty of pace on that, but all the batsman needs to do is use that pace. He gets inside the line and helps the errant delivery over fine leg for six. A flat six.
no run, slashes as hard as he can through the line of a good length ball outside off. No connection.
1 run, good length on off, and turning away from the batsman. Flat-bats it down the ground to long on. The final time out of the evening too.
1 run, short of length outside off, dabs it towards third man for one.
1 run, fullish, spinning in around the pads, whipped off them between long-on and deep midwicket.
1 run, back of a length outside off, slashed to deep point.
OUT, that's plumb. Flatter and quicker, a seam-up delivery, Parthiv was already on the back foot, cannot connect the pull and is struck right in front of middle and off.
no run, tucks a fuller delivery on leg stump to midwicket.
1 run, good length on middle stump, punched on the up to long-on.
no run, good length, at an off stump line. Tapped back towards the bowler off the back foot.
SIX runs, length outside off, leans in and sweeps aerially to the midwicket boundary.
no run, leading edge that rolls to mid-off. the batsman was looking to work this square on the leg side.
no run, good length and into off stump, punched to mid-off on the rise.
no run, tries to pull off an encore there but this time he finds the short third man fielder.
FOUR runs, length ball just outside off, and the batsman drags a pulled shot behind square to the fine leg boundary! Not a convincing shot, but the batsman won't mind it at this stage.
FOUR runs, goes full now, outside off, and the batsman goes on the back foot to shorten the length slightly and free his arms to play a flat-bat drive to the right of cover. Excellent shot.
no run, back of a length on off, the batsman punches it straight back to the bowler.
1 run, googly, short of a length outside off. Punched to sweeper cover off the back foot.
no run, good length and into the pads, uses the angle to flick to midwicket.
no run, good length outside off, but extra bounce on this occasion. the batsman backed away towards the leg side too much, and can't ramp it over the keeper.
FOUR runs, length ball but way down the leg side, the batsman goes for the sweep, doesn't find the middle of the bat but enough on it to run it between the keeper and the short fine leg, was a googly again from Rashid.
1 run, full ball, and he drives this down to long on. Examines the bottom of his bat as he runs across to retain strike.
1 run, googly, he's back and dabbing this to short third man.
1 run, low full toss on middle, because the batsman comes charging down the wicket. Whipped off his pads to cow corner.
1 run, turns it away towards square leg.
no run, the batsman looks to back away, the bowler follows him with a quick delivery, hitting his glove.
1 leg bye, tried to flick it but misses, it rolls off the pads to short fine leg for  leg-bye.
1 run, length outside off, quick delivery, opens the face and guides it down to third-man.
no run, good length and swung in at leg stump, 136.9kph, flicked to square leg.
2 runs, full and wide outside off, walks into that shot and drills firmly to long-off's left.
no run, full, slower ball, 124ks, pushed to short cover.
no run, googly, starts around middle and spins away, left alone.
no run, good length ball outside off, blocked solidly on the front foot.
1 run, short, but not very short, so the batsman is unable to time the pull properly to long-on.
FOUR runs, this ball is relief. Full, outside off, with mid-off up. And on-pace. Driven wide of mid-off and along the ground.
no run, quick legcutter, Sharma looks to drive on the up, but is beaten.
SIX runs, this is just poor bowling. A gentle length ball well down the leg side with the fine leg up. the batsman laps it up with a sweep over short fine leg.
3 runs, shot. Overpitched and no shape back in this time. QDK reaches out and drills it between extra and mid-off. Extra cover gets a hand though and Vijay chases, slides, and pulls it back. Looking sharp off the bench.
OUT, review. Lbw review. This back of a length ball rips into the batsman and beats him on the back foot punch. Hit him on the back leg. It's given not out. He's on the back foot, very deep in the crease it looks very out right now as we wait for the tracker. There's no edge on it .it's out! Decision will be overtuned. S Ravi gets a fairly straightforward one wrong. the batsman is gone, that's hitting middle and off.
no run, good length outside off, nudged to point. Ingram calls a loud 'NO' with the batsman taking a few steps down.
FOUR runs, leans back and monstered over the covers! KXI's fine start is a distant memory!.
1 run, short of a length outside off, chopped to third man.
1 run, a pick-up pull! Good length on middle and leg, the batsman reads the length early and swivels into a pull, picks out a square fine leg.
no run, back of a length on off, fizzes off the pitch, and beats Baz's pull.
OUT, and he strikes first ball! This will dent Kings XI's chances even further. the batsman was looking to get after Moeen straight away, but his lofted stroke comes off the end of the bat and finds Southee at long off. It's not the biggest boundary, but the shot doesn't have the legs to beat him.
1 run, plays a delicate late cut towards third man. Just gets it past the man at first slip.
SIX runs, lofted over cover! He picked the slower ball, moved leg side and lifted it up and over cover and it carried all the way.
1 run, too full and flicked off his toes between long-on and deep midwicket.
1 run, full on the stumps, eased down to long-on.
1 wide, goes for the bouncer against the inexperienced batsman, but it climbs up too far. Prabhsimran can't reach it with his ramp shot.
no run, wrong 'un, tossed up, and he presses forward to defend.
no run, just short of a good length on off, the batsman clears his front leg and swipes only as far as mid-on.
no run, quick! Good length on off and angling across the batsman. He tries to slap this over cover, but misses completely. Wild, wild shot.
no run, short of a length, no room, defended back to him.
no run, too much bounce, catches him off guard and raps him on the pad as he misses the flick. the bowler belts out an appeal, but then again, bounced too much.
no run, looks to slice the shortish delivery outside off through the covers, but misses it altogether.
1 wide, slower offcutter, but down the leg side.
OUT, full on middle, and his attempted slog over cover is sliced only to mid off. Pollard hasn't crossed over either.
2 runs, short ball gets up to shoulder height on off stump. Opens up at the hips and swats it away to the right of deep square leg.
1 run, some late swing in again. Plonks the front leg across and whips it to deep square. Risky shot, had to get bat on it.
1 run, pulled away to deep square leg, it's short again.
FOUR runs, get out of the way! Length ball at middle stump, lines it up and drills it past the bowler's left shin. His hands come up, and he will probably admit they came up in self defense.
1 run, full and flat on middle, driven along to long-off.
nan
OUT, got him, there's the bounce I spoke about! Takes off from a length as it slants away into the fifth-stump corridor, and the batsman, getting on the front foot to defend, ends up nicking to the keeper off the shoulder of his bat. First-ball duck for him.
no run, full and just outside off, closes the face and taps to mid-on's left.
2 runs, slower full toss, teasing the line with the height here, the batsman flicks it to deep midwicket.
2 runs, googly, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
no run, slogs to leg, gets no power, takes a single to deep midwicket. No he turns down the single.
no run, fuller around off, comes forward and pushes it towards extra cover.
OUT, the bowler strikes again. He gets a wicket at least every match. the batsman has gloved it while swaying out of its line. the bowler bowls this short, gives him no room, but when you are leaving one alone your Test technique comes into play. He doesn't drop his wrists fast enough, and the ball kisses the glove on the way through to Pant.
1 run, full and just outside off. Leans in and pushes into the vacant leg side again.
1 run, tossed outside off and spins away, forward and driven to cover.
2 runs, tossed up, but full outside off. Squeezed away towards wide long on, and collects a couple more.
1 run, short of a length and wide outside off, cut firmly to sweeper.
1 run, length outside off, punched on the rise to sweeper cover.
1 run, dropped short and cramps him at off stump. Punched aerially to sweeper's right.
no run, beaten on the pull, the short ball drifted away and would've missed off stump. KKR have reviewed! Umpire's original decision stays and  KKR lose a review  Pitched miles outside leg as well.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked to deep square.
no run, ripping legbreak, beats the outside edge. Good length, angling in, then bursts away past the hanging bat.
FOUR runs, shot of the night even though the game is dead. Sarfaraz plays the reverse pull to hit this length ball over short third after switching his stance.
1 run, length around off, stays back and tucks it away towards midwicket.
4 byes, past the outside edge and past the keeper. A nicely tossed up length ball outside off. He doesn't get to the pitch for the drive through cover and it spins a long way past him.
FOUR runs, short and sliding in, the batsman swivels back and helps this to the deep square leg boundary. Poor ball from the bowler.
1 run, in the block hole outside off, he jams his bat in and gets a single behind square.
no run, and he shows why. On a length, no room. Defended back to him.
2 runs, good length and outside off, slapped to wide long-off.
2 runs, good length and turning away just outside off. Punched on the up to sweeper's right.
no run, good length and ripping past the outside edge as he hangs the bat out at it.
2 runs, length ball close to off stump, gets on the front foot and works it away gently through midwicket. No one in the circle in front of square on the leg side, and he chances a second run despite Rayudu closing down quickly from deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, another slower ball, but smartly played by the batsman. He doesn't look to hit a six. Just opens the face and chips him from in front of the stumps and over cover-point. This is a good ball that has been placed for four.
1 wide, short and down leg side, beaten on the pull.
OUT, and that glove off nearly brings a drop. Mavi gets a big edge to a wide slower ball, the edge flies to Dhoni's right, who sticks out the ungloved hand, and the ball lobs off away towards short third man. Dhoni runs off, puts a dive in, and takes the rebound.
1 wide, short and wide this time, the batsman was moving towards the leg side and cannot reach to the ball in the end, called a wide.
2 runs, full and just outside off, driven with the turn to long-off's left.
1 run, good length on off, but spins sharply inwards. the batsman opens his bat's face and runs it fine. Stopped by Rajpoot, but wait, it slips through his hands. The misfield allows them to steal the run.
1 run, full outside off and Rohit drives fluently by opening the face of the bat, but tidy work from Axar at point, intercepting to his left.
no run, low full toss, hit in the air, but on the bounce to mid-off.
1 run, full slower ball wide outside off. Gets on a knee and looks to loft that over extra. Comes off the toe-end and floats down to long-on.
to Tewatia, 2 runs, lands equidistant from three fielders converging on this. Tewatia looks for the upper-cut to this short ball, but he clears point, and it falls between third man and deep cover running towards it.
1 wide, slower ball gone wrong, way outside the wide line. Hardik swung and missed.
2 wide, yorker from around the wicket, slips down the leg side, the batsman misses the flick but Rahul fumbles as well, so that's a wide and a single taken.
FOUR runs, this is just helped on its way over deep backward square. Stunning shot. Too slow and drifting down, this was almost as if the batsman was waiting for it as he swung through with the angle.
1 run, slower ball, really full, drilled to long-on for one.
SIX runs, picks it up from middle and gets this a few metres over the long leg boundary. Missed the timing a bit and got more elevation than distance on this, but a classy looking shot nonetheless. Length on middle, leaned in and just cocked the wrists from underneath this.
1 leg bye, oh really slow offbreak again. the batsman slogs again. Beaten again. This is some brave bowling. APpeal for lbw, not given out. They review it. This is turning down the leg side for mine. Yes it is missing. They get a leg-bye.
1 run, length ball on off, and he tries the reverse paddle. Plays it uncomfortably to short third man.
FOUR runs, too short again and the batsman cashes in this time. Goes deep in his crease and clobbers this through midwicket.
FOUR runs, flatter and outside off, Karan goes low and reverse-sweeps it to the right of the keeper and left of short third man.
FOUR runs, full outside off, and he drives with the bat's open face. Takes the bat's outside edge and rolls through to the backward-point boundary.
FOUR runs, what a player the batsman is proving out to be for DC. This time he beats mid-off to his left. the bowler misses the yorker length, the batsman makes room and drives this between extra cover and mid-off.
no run, a full delivery on middle, punched to cover from the crease.
1 run, on leg stump, and turned off his pads to deep square leg. Rinku gets off the mar as well.
OUT, yorked him the bowler nails the perfect ball at the right time. Tails in between bat and leg to shatter the stumps. the batsman was looking to give himself room.
1 run, width offered to the batsman who slashes it to the man on the point boundary.
no run, 147 kph, short around off, patted back.
1 run, good length arm ball at middle stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, flat outside off, 84 kph, pushed to the sweeper cover for one with the spin.
1 run, short ball on leg stump, tucked behind short fine off the back foot.
1 run, full outside off, driven with the turn to long-off.
1 run, short and drifting into middle and leg, whipped to backward square leg to get off the mark. Tumbling stop there by Surya, I think. Little wide and that was four.
SIX runs, two-handed forehand over extra cover. Length ball wide outside off, he's got this front leg in the air and he wallops this, flat over the extra cover boundary.
1 run, full on off stump, driven to long-off with the turn.
no run, down the wicket, yorks himself up, pushes this to midwicket.
1 run, nicely bowled, some flight around off, swept down to short fine leg for one.
1 run, slower ball, dips at off, 116ks, Faf leading-edges it to the covers.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and pushing this to the gap at cover-point.
1 run, googly, spins into him and he skews it to mid-on.
1 run, fuller on the pads, flicked to deep square.
to Watson, no run, short and keeps low as it straightens outside off. Left alone.
1 run, slower offcutter at 123ks again, no room to him, pushed towards short midwicket for one.
no run, back of a length, slides across and keeps low, tries to pull but the ball sneaks underneath.
1 leg bye, leg-side length ball, the batsman backs away and cops it on the pad as he misses his flick.
no run, a googly this time, the batsman was looking to come down the track but the bowler pulls the length back, defended in the end.
1 run, fuller, almost a yorker on the leg stump, Nabi digs it out towards long-on.
1 run, full on middle, pushed to long-on.
OUT, tossed outside off, the batsman holes out to deep midwicket. He drags a slog-sweep against the turn and across the line. Caught Hardik Pandya bowled the bowler Pandya. What're you doing, Rajasthan Royals?.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, runs this down to third man.
no run, this is brilliant death bowling. A wide yorker and all the batsman can do is dig it out to point.
no run, good length at middle, flicked to midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, pushed through flat and skidding into him as he gets on the back foot. Punches it to long-on.
1 run, drifts in on off, forward and driven down to long-off.
FOUR runs, yorker outside off, and the batsman squeezes this away past point.
no run, length, turns away from him after pitching just outside off, and he lets this pass.
2 runs, good length on leg stump, whipped to deep midwicket's left off the back foot.
1 run, eased down to long-on.
no run, full on off stump, from around the wicket. Defended off the front foot by the batsman.
1 run, pitches it up and gets it to skid into the right-hander as the batsman plays a leg glance to short fine leg.
FOUR runs, edged fine of short third man! It was short and wide, he cuts and it was a bottom edge that flew along the ground and away to third man.
1 leg bye, finally the inswinger to the batsman. And it is quick too. Beats him but is headed down leg. One leg-bye.
1 run, short at middle stump, gets on top of the bounce again, hooks along the floor to fine leg.
no run, shapes back in from outside off, the batsman plays down the wrong line. Bends back in to smack the pad. Angle would've taken it down leg.
1 run, length on middle, punched to long-on off the back foot.
3 runs, nonchalance. That tells you how good this pitch is. Seems like a lazy flick in the air to a length, but it carries over midwicket. That gets him three.
1 run, length, angles across him, and he steers this to third man.
FOUR runs, shoveled past short fine! Incredible shot. It's a yorker at leg stump, and he's got some stunning bat speed on this to stay upright but still get this behind the wicket. He's got it right under his eyes, and it's pretty full. That takes some doing. Brilliant skill.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, he punches to long-on with a straight bat.
1 run, good length at off stump, squeezed into the covers from the crease.
FOUR runs, punched past mid-off. Khaleel is , more often than not, going to bowl a short, hard length. Faf steps out in anticipation of that and uses the angled bat to hammer this on the up to the fielder's left.
no run, short of a length, wide, punched away square, and Philippe has to dive full length to his left at cover-point to save four runs here.
1 run, full outside off, driven to long-off's left.
2 runs, yorker outside off, jammed into vacant cover. Point is back on the fence so they steal a second.
2 runs, back of a length, spins in slightly, flicked through midwicket.
1 run, back of a length on middle, and that's been beautifully pulled off the back foot. Will only early him a single.
no run, length, outside off, and again he punches this towards Harbhajan at the extra cover region inside the circle.
1 run, angled into leg, he tucks this through midwicket and pushes for two but they elect not to go. Good call as the fielders swooped.
no run, slower ball, on a good length. Pitches on off stump and goes over the batsman's attempted cut shot.
1 run, a short slower delivery around off, nudged away to deep square leg for a run.
FOUR runs, mistimed, but over mid off! Full on off, and the batsman lifts this over Uthappa at mid off. Not hit well, but enough behind that shot to take in beyond the infield.
no run, good comeback! Short on off, and going over the batsman's shoulders. He tried to ramp it over DK, but can't get bat to ball.
1 run, back of a length outside off. Angling into the batsman, and he pushes it off the back foot to cover. They jog across for a run.
1 run, OUT, sensational work from Pandey at long-off! What a throw. Slower ball just outside off, mistimed punch to his left at long-off. Pandey swoops down on it, winds up his throwing arm and sends it one bounce to the keeper's end, mere inches from the stumps. Bairstow only has to complete a simple movement. Super, super stuff from Pandey. Beats the batsman's dive.
1 run, the bowler stays slow, but shortens the length this time. Du Plessis can manage just a single off the pull.
no run, inverts his stance, for the third time this innings. And for the third time, he makes no contact. That one's not working today Jos.
no run, good length on off, and turns sharply into Rohit. Extra bounce too, and the batsman defends towards the leg side.
1 run, length around off, stays in his crease and pushes it towards extra cover.
2 runs, lands in front of third man where Gopal goes brilliantly to get his palm behind it as it lands to his right. An offcutter outside off that the batsman tries to lift on the up over extra cover. Ends up slicing it high and Gopal puts in the dive but can't get his hand under that.
1 run, short and plenty of width for the batsman to flash a cut to Karun at sweeper cover.
no run, short of a length, just outside off. Cramping him on the cut, which is on the bounce to backward point.
1 run, yorker, around the wicket, and tapped away to point for one. the batsman keeps strike.
no run, length outside off, shuffles and looks to flick. Inside edge onto pad.
no run, length, turns into him, and he punches this to short cover.
no run, length on leg stump, looks to flick and cops this on the thigh.
1 run, full, outside leg, and he sweeps to deep backward square.
1 run, good length at off stump, watchfully nudged to extra cover's left.
SIX runs, over deep midwicket. Oh he's come out in good hitting form alright. This is dropped slightly short of a good length, sits up at off stump and he swings cleanly under it with a pull.
FOUR runs, that is dismissive. He skips down the wicket, Arshdeep digs this in short, and he pulls this through square leg. Rolls his wrists on this.
OUT, Rahul lunges to his right to take this and the batsman's gone. Slower bouncer down leg side. He looks for the hook into the turf. Is through it early and that pings off the glove and to Rahul's right. Taken comfortably and the bowler has AB and the batsman in the same over. Looked like a knuckle ball.
2 runs, chips it wide of midwicket and deep square leg cleans up to his left. It's a bouncer at chest height and he gets under it on the hook.
no run, a full delivery outside off, chopped back towards the keeper as he tried to guide that to third man.
no run, fuller, straighter, and he misses out on an attempted forcing shot through the off side.
2 runs, slower ball on off, and the batsman's too early into his flick. Mistimed to the vacant midwicket region, and it's that mistime which allows the batsmen to pinch the second run.
1 run, gets down for another sweep, has to fetch it from outside off, so he doesn't time it too well as he works it to deep midwicket.
1 run, length ball on middle stump, steps out and jams it to mid-on.
no run, bouncer, a quick one, and it beats his attempt to ramp it.
2 runs, makes room and drives inside out to deep extra cover, the batsman scampers back. Can the batsman get to his half-century? He's played beautifully.
no run, beaten. Slower short ball in the corridor. Looks for the hook and can't connect.
no run, yorker at off stump, defended into the leg side.
FOUR runs, full on leg, and drifting into his pads. Rohit gets his front foot out of the way, and swings over to the leg side. A couple of bounces and into the wide long-on boundary.
1 run, slower ball, outside off, and he dabs this towards short third man and they go through for a comfortable single to Chris Gayle stationed there.
2 runs, gets outside the line of off and works this to deep midwicket where de Grandhomme misfields to concede the second. Ran in too quickly, then lost his balance as he attempted a one-handed pick-up.
OUT, through him with a beauty! KL the batsman has missed two consecutive googlies from Rashid. The second one tonks middle stump. KXIP have lost two in two after a watchful start. This is tossed up outside off, dipping deliciously to draw the batsman forward. He drives for the one that turns, tying to poke it through the covers, but that's snuck past the inside edge to hit the stumps. Genius from Rashid to get a batsman of the batsman's form like that.
no run, beauty! This is a short of length ball that zips past the outside edge as he wafts at it, Pant collects this in front of his face. Serious pace.
no run, length ball on off, and he fails to work it successfully towards the leg side. Defended eventually.
SIX runs, lovely shot. Length ball, outside off, and he stands tall and drives this on the up and in the air over extra cover. This is the short boundary too. So with Gayle in the side, the batsman is okay taking risks in the middle overs too.
FOUR runs, heaves the googly away to the midwicket boundary, where Uthappa misfields.
no run, slow, dipping legbreak, the batsman looks for a hit over long-off, and is beaten comprehensively.
FOUR runs, whoa that is a shot and a half. Length ball, 134ks, outside off, opens up the front leg slightly, and drives it on the up and between mid-off and extra cover.
1 run, full on off, but the batsman shuffles across to the off side and smothers it to midwicket. Wants the second run, but can't.
2 runs, half-tracker on off, and the batsman works it to cow corner on this occasion. Misfield from Curran allows them to take the second run.
1 run, in the blockhole on off stump, jabbed down to long-on.
2 runs, length ball outside off, shuffles and opens the face to run this to deep point's right.
1 run, pushes it down the ground.
OUT, gone, well bowled. Hammers the pitch with this bouncer, and despite the angle he usually creates, exaggeratedly away from the left-hander, he manages to cramp Axar. Leans back to try and ramp it but the lack of room to free his arms means not enough power, and he hits it straight to the fielder at third man.
1 run, works this indrifter towards midwicket.
OUT, bowled 'im! Length ball on the stumps, kept a little low, Rohit was playing inside the line as well, not a straight bat either and all that means the stumps are rattled.
no run, length on middle, cramping him up, the batsman hurried for pace there and takes on the body after a slight top edge.
1 run, overpitched on off stump, with some shape in. Driven firmly to long-off.
1 run, shortish, a bit of width, cut away to the left of deep point.
1 wide, walking across again but that is too far down leg and will be a wide.
no run, full on off, and that's been driven off the front foot. Straight to CDG though.
1 run, good length on middle stump, pushed out to mid-on.
no run, the bowler starts off with a gem of a ball! Perfectly-pitched ball. Full, shaping to swing away, comes in, then again swings away past the hanging bat.
1 run, good length on leg, and that's been whipped off his hips to deep backward square.
1 run, full on off stump, driven to long-off.
1 run, the batsman moves across again, the bowler bowls length, and he turns this to leg for a single.
SIX runs, whipped over the deep midwicket boundary! Overpitched ball at middle stump, and once again he's just deep in the crease and waiting for the full one. Gets low and flicks quickly at this and gets it to the fielder's right.
SIX runs, floated up on middle, the batsman races down the track again, gets under the length again and hoists it over the bowler's head for a thumping six.
1 wide, wild spin, and well stopped by Pant! Full outside off, and legspin that goes further away from the batsman. Forced Pant to dive to his right.
no run, slower ball, floats away outside off, 107.4ks, foxes the batsman.
no run, googly at a good length outside off. Leaves it alone and half-apologises to himself.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, the batsman goes a bit across and flicks it to short fine leg.
1 run, full on off, driven to mid-off and they sprint for a quick single again.
1 run, good length just outside off, but tailing into the batsman. Tapped off the back foot to cover for a quick run.
SIX runs, clean clean strike. It is a brave shot on big boundaries with field back. the bowler has given him no pace to work with and tossed it up nice and slow, but he drives him over long-off for a six. All power through timing.
1 run, gentle dab into the off side for a quick single.
no run, short of length delivery slanting away, defended from the crease.
nan
1 run, length ball but down the leg side, helps it towards fine leg.
FOUR runs, slower ball outside off, pitched in the slot and the batsman lofts him over mid-off, couple of bounces and into the boundary.
no run, on a length, shaping in towards off, punched back to him.
1 run, steps out and laces this wide of cover to get off the mark, off his seventh delivery.
1 run, punched down to long on to turn the strike back over.
2 runs, short of a length just outside off, 137.5kph. Allows that to skid on and stays on the back foot before deflecting to third man's right.
1 run, fuller around middle and leg, driven towards long-on, Pollard is quick to the ball.
no run, on a length, angling in, pushed to mid-on.
1 run, a touch fuller this time, once again outside off, driven towards deep extra cover this time.
2 runs, overpitched on off, and tapped to the midwicket region off the front foot. Guides it into the gap, which allows the batsman to get back on strike.
no run, lbw appeal turned down. Slower ball at a length on leg stump. Looks for the flick and cops that in front of leg. Curran is around the wicket, remember. That's likely sliding down. Dhoni has a chat this time. No review. That was going down and might have too high as well.
to Pant, 1 wide, low full toss but he has angled it too far wide outside off.
FOUR runs, leg-side fuller ball, gets down to sweep and works it away to deep fine leg.
1 run, short of a length, pushed to midwicket, and they don't take the overthrow off the batsman's body.
no run, looks to step out and make room and the bowler cramps him again, angling a shortish offcutter towards leg stump. Flat-bats it back to the bowler.
no run, much flatter and quicker, the batsman tries to sweep again and misses!.
1 run, slower length ball at leg-stump, 100.6ks - could it get any slower? - as the batsman knocks it to point.
1 leg bye, looks to sweep, ball rolls off his pad to short fine as they scamper a single.
1 run, yorker again, at 146 kph, the batsman digs it out to cover and wants a new bat. Some serious heat on these deliveries.
no run, goes wristspin again. Short of a length, pitching and cutting into the batsman, who cops that on the thigh.
1 run, the bowler's response - typical of a fast bowler - is to dig in a bouncer at better than 140km/h. It's a little too hot for the batsman, who mistimes a pull to long on.
1 run, whips this one with the wrists towards mid on.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and he flat-bats a shot down to long on. Keeps strike.
1 run, good length on off, and the batsman has all the time to choose his spot. But all he can do is pull it to deep backward square.
OUT, the bowler storms through Faf's defences with a zippy googly. He goes past the inside edge and hits the middle stump. Full, starts outside off, and spins back in, Faf searches for the legbreak and misses the variation.
1 run, this is a clubbing shot through straight midwicket, a back-of-a-length ball goes wide of long-on.
no run, back of a length on off, and angling away. the batsman shapes up to cut, but finds Miller at point.
FOUR runs, down the wicket, and he goes in front of square with the cut shot. Doesn't bother with keeping it down and clears point with ease.
SIX runs, pitched up and outside off - right in the batsman's swinging arc - he launches it right over the bowler's head. Dismissive. The ball lands in Royal's dug out. And he holds his pose like a boss.
1 run, short, moving away from Dhawan, who cuts this towards backward point and will pick up two quite easily.
1 run, good length on middle stump, flicked to deep square.
no run, length ball on the pads. Looks to flick it fine, but can't get bat. According to everyone but the keeper, who collects and appeals excitedly. No review. Yeah, it's off the pad.
1 run, down the wicket, almost gets too close to the pitch of the ball so he doesn't get the elevation. He has got a lot of power, though, and Nortje has to put in a dive at long-off to keep this in.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and he flat-bats a shot straight to the bowler. Ball goes through the bowler' legs, but he manages to get his fingertips to it. Saves a certain four.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. Singeing the turf as it travels to the extra-cover fence. A rare on-pace ball from the bowler, and he drives it on the up and square of deep cover.
1 run, draws the edge with this carrom ball on off, rolls wide of short third man.
1 run, punched away to long-off.
SIX runs, clears the long-on boundary! the bowler has gone for 20 in his first over. A slower ball. the batsman looks like he knows it's coming. Steps out and meets it at the pitch in front of middle stump before launching it flat to long-on's right.
1 run, good length and just outside off, looks to drive through cover on the rise. Thick outside edge to short third's left.
SIX runs, short ball at middle stump, backs away and wallops this pull over the wide long-on boundary.
SIX runs, and the batsman joins the party. the bowler over-pitches again, and he has cleared the front leg to slog him over long-on. SRH are not out of this.
FOUR runs, wow! Squeezes this yorker out and manages to find four at the cover boundary! Full outside off and he carves it over cover point to get into the nineties.
no run, slower ball, short of a good length outside off. Looks to work it leg side but it's back to the bowler.
no run, short of a good length, just outside off. Defended to mid-on off the back foot.
2 runs, slower short ball just outside off, pulled to deep square's right off the thick inside edge.
no run, back of a length, skidder outside off, and the batsman shapes up to cut. Misses.
1 run, good length on off, but straightens after pitching. Carved off the back foot to the man in the deep.
1 run, another legcutter, short of a length, punched down to long-on for one.
1 run, slower and fuller on off stump, squeezed to long off.
1 run, slower in the air, outside off, pushed wide of cover for one.
no run, arm ball, squeezed back to the bowler.
no run, short of a length, quick, at him. Defended.
1 run, full outside off, and driven away down the ground. the batsman gets off the mark.
1 run, short on off stump, heaved to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, short of a length, quick, and he drives him on the up, between deep cover and long-off. The short boundary means he gets four instead of two.
no run, looks for the ramp to a wide ball, beaten.
1 wide, short ball down leg side. the batsman leaping to get out of the way and stabbing at it. Beaten.
FOUR runs, slapped in the air, and just wide of short third man! Bumrah is the man, can't quite get his feet moving quickly enough to intercept a rare chance.
FOUR runs, incredible shot walking across his stumps and he picks it up from his pads even as he's falling over, to flick it to fine leg. Lands about 5 cms away from the ropes, so it's only a four.
1 run, short of a length and turning away outside off, waits on it and punches to long-off to bring up his fifty. Holds a pose for the cameras, points to the sticker on the bat that says The Boss. And then points to the name on the back of the shirt.
no run, this one seams the other way, holding its line outside off, and hitting the outside half of the bat.
1 run, on a length, straight, punched down the ground.
1 run, lunges forward this time and helps the ball to leg, good and early call to say no for the second. Lot of things to learn for Delhi.
1 run, yorker length at leg stump, jammed down to long-on.
OUT, short, outside off, gets it high, and the batsman has fallen to a short ball that has got big. Who would have thought? Except that it has happened in the last over of the innings and not the first. Top edge for a catch inside the circle. A very important hand in an emotional time for the batsman.
1 run, off-stump yorker, squeezed down to third man.
1 run, right into the blockhole, squeezed to point. Superb from the bowler.
1 run, bouncer at a leg stump line, pulls to deep square's left.
FOUR runs, seam-up. Overpitched and outside off, Suryakumar hits over the top again. He creams it up and over extra cover.
1 run, the batsman is early into a drive and sends an inside edge to fine leg.
SIX runs, six! 133 kph, a short delivery around off, the batsman backs away and slices the ball intentionally over short third man. Not the worst delivery, but that's a very good shot.
1 run, tries to repeat it, but can only mistime it down the ground to long on. Full on off, and played down the ground again.
1 run, cut in the air, just wide of point and just short too. They get a single off a misfield.
no run, beats him with a slower ball. A full toss outside off, but dipping rapidly as the batsman looks for the slog.
FOUR runs, short and down leg, the batsman picks it up early and pulls it away behind square leg.
1 leg bye, looks for a yorker, but ends up bowling a slightly high full toss. the batsman catches this on his pads as it runs towards third man.
no run, tossed up outside off, and it's the wrong'un. Spinning into the batsman's body, but defended back to Gowtham.
FOUR runs, short, on-pace, wide outside off, and he has pulled this to deep midwicket. All the hard work done for DC going down the drain because of this over.
FOUR runs, slips this length ball down leg and the batsman gets down on one knee to wallop this half-pull wide of short fine. Easy pickings.
no run, arm ball, outside off, swings away, hit on the toe end.
no run, turns back sharply into him as he plays from the crease. Strikes the pads, but probably going down leg.
no run, yorker at off stump. Deep in the crease as he punches it back at the bowler who stops it with his left boot.
OUT, big appeal for a catch at the wicket, not given, and they go upstairs right away. And it has come off the glove. the batsman looks for another reverse sweep but this time the ball is not as full as the one that he pulled off two balls ago. Also it doesn't turn and kisses the glove on the way through to Pant. There is a bit of a murmur at the same time on the UltraEdge. So the batsman has to go.
no run, full, 145ks, just outside off, punched to mid-off.
1 run, full and loopy on off stump, allows it to come on, gets the front leg out of the way, and drives to long-off.
no run, another googly, the batsman was backing away, ends up being cramped for room and pushing it into the offside.
1 run, good length on middle, and lifted off the back foot! Hit over midwicket, but Chawla's manning that region in the deep. Looks like the captain is asking Chawla why he didn't attack the ball.
FOUR runs, Dhawan shows his form. Jumps out of the crease early, gets under this wide length ball, and sends it crashing over cover-point.
FOUR runs, this is poor bowling with fine leg inside the circle. Again it's full and on the pads, and the batsman flicks it over the leaping fielder at short fine.
1 run, relatively slower through the air, fuller on the stumps, pushed towards covers from the front foot.
1 run, flat-bats this over the bowler's head, on the bounce to Rashid at long off. This was a slower delivery.
1 run, on the stumps and drilled down to long on for one.
1 run, knee-high full toss on middle stump, and it's been flicked off his pads to fine leg. Could've sent that anywhere on the leg side, but could only find the man in the deep.
1 wide, another slower ball, wide down the leg side.
1 run, steers this length ball on off to square third man.
2 runs, tossed outside off and breaks away, driven fluently to sweeper cover off the front foot.
1 run, dropped. Colin Munro puts down a straightforward catch. He had to move a little to his left alright, but he did well to get behind it and then just lets it pop out. A mistimed pull from the batsman that led to all of that drama.
no run, good length just outside off, punched firmly to md-off.
1 leg bye, back of a length, angling in towards off stump, goes back and across to pull and misses, the ball rolls away into the point region off back pad.
no run, slower ball, the batsman is not expecting it, he picks it off the pitch and defends.
no run, deflected towards the slip cordon as he's tucked up at the thigh trying to whip this rising ball through square leg.
1 run, turning away again from off stump, this one keeps a bit low as he cuts it to deep point.
no run, nice swing away from Dhawan, just outside off, left alone.
1 run, the batsman is rushed by a ball that spits off a length at 140km/h, but he gets enough bat on it to turn the strike over with a single to long on.
1 run, full and wide outside off, shuffles and drives to sweeper cover.
1 run, driven between Williamson's legs for a single.
1 run, back of length outside off again, steered to backward point.
1 run, full knuckle ball at leg stump, flicked to deep square's left.
1 run, drifts into middle and leg, tucked towards midwicket.
FOUR runs, the first one takes the edge. An on-pace legcutter, short of a length, moves away, squares Sharma up, but the edge is too thick for Rahul to catch.
1 run, flat length ball on off stump, gets deep in his crease and pushes with a straight bat into the vacant short midwicket region. the bowler does well to chase it down in his follow-through, and makes the batsman stretch to complete the quick single.
no run, slower legbreak, spins away outside off, driven with the spin to the covers.
FOUR runs, slugs it wide of deep midwicket. Good length and lobbed up slowly at leg stump. Steps out and gets it a little off the inside half of the bat. Still nearly clears the line to the fielder's right.
no run, length on middle stump, taps it to mid-on's right on the up.
1 run, back of a length on middle, kicks up, the batsman hangs back and pokes to the covers.
1 run, yorker, and he digs it out towards cover.
FOUR runs, finds the gap! Pitches outside off, and he was quick to gauge the short length. Flawlessly pulled, and placed perfectly between the two fielders in the deep.
1 run, length on middle, extra bounce as de Villiers looks to turn it around towards midwicket, takes the splice but he still gets the single to the bowler's right.
2 runs, full outside off, mistimed drive to long-off's right.
no run, full and in at off stump. Driven firmly, straight to mid-off.
no run, on a length, outside off, skiddy, hits his bottom edge as he opens the face.
no run, 130 kph, short around off, the ball is just below the shoulder as the batsman lets that go the keeper.
2 runs, full on off, and pushed off the front foot to the midwicket region. No one's there, so long on has to give it a big chase. Enough time to sneak in the second run.
no run, shows the full face of the bat and defends this length ball back.
2 runs, wide on the crease again, bowls a wide outswinger, driven off the to end past cover.
OUT, more offcutters and this one is taken by short third man running nearly all the way to the boundary! Brilliant stuff from Arshdeep to trust his slower balls. To line them up well outside off, meaning the batsman's helpless flail into the leg side, takes a clean top edge. And even better catching from Shami, his eyes always on the ball.
no run, full on off, driven to mid-off.
1 run, gets down low and pulls the short ball on leg stump to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, oh neatly done. So subtle. Good length  and just outside off. Watches that right under his eye as he gets on the front foot and opens the face late to chop to backward point boundary.
1 run, length ball, goes back and plays this towards deep midwicket.
1 wide, another slower legcutter, but this one has slipped down the leg side.
SIX runs, casually lofts a Jofra slower ball, one-handed, to long-on's left. This, of course, is what the batsman is known for - the walk into the leg side and desperate swishing to try and reach the ball. 94 metres!.
2 runs, length ball outside off, and this time it's been muscled to the man at cow corner. Took the pace off, Searles.
2 runs, short of a length on leg stump, gets behind the line and taps it to deep midwicket's right. Works hard to come back for the second.
1 run, length, and he punches this back down towards long on.
no run, nearly gets middle stump. Good length ball slides in as he backs away to try and cut. Inside edge to short fine.
1 run, full toss on leg, he clips this to deep backward square.
1 run, length on middle, turns it around towards midwicket for one.
SIX runs, that's another gift from the bowler. Changes the line and takes it away from the batsman's off-stump, but the length is the same. the batsman easily comes forward to get his weight behind that shot, and deposits it over long-off with minimal effort. Massive over; 22 off it. Game on in Hyderabad.
no run, full, wide, and slanted across the corridor. Beaten on the attempted drive.
1 bye, short and angling across off, a mighty swing meets thin air. They sneak across for a bye.
no run, past the outside edge. Short of a length and rising steeply outside off. Shuffles to line up the pull but that cross-seam ball goes straight on and forces him to withdraw is shot.
FOUR runs, length ball outside leg with fine leg up. Clipped away for an easy four.
1 run, short of a length, no room, dabs down on it, gets a single towards short third man.
1 run, gets down on a knee to sweep this full toss to deep fine leg. Not sure why has gone for this option with the fine leg back.
no run, gets the yorker right, and he digs it out back to the bowler.
1 run, on a length, swinging in, worked to leg for one. Has taken this from outside off.
OUT, that oughta do it for DC. the bowler hasn;t quite nailed the yorker, but he is full enough to not let him get under it. Rashid tries, but goes only as far as long-on.
no run, very short outside off, the batsman pulls out of another leg-side shot, allows it through to Dhoni.
no run, good length at middle stump, defended down the pitch.
no run, length, angled across this time, the batsman has a tentative poke outside off and is beaten.
no run, beaten on the drive, sharp turn again from the bowler.
FOUR runs, nice shot. Rocks back to cut a flat length ball between point and short third man. Manufactures his own length there.
1 run, full, middle and leg, clipped away to deep square leg for one.
1 run, better length, in the channel, draws the drive but he gets a thick edge that goes to third man.
1 run, slower ball, outside off, hit hard, but straight to long-off.
1 run, full on off, and swept square. Spinning into the batsman's pads, and comfortably gets down on one knee to play it to the man in the deep. Time out.
no run, short and rising up at the chest. Chops at that and Karun Nair leaps to his left at backward point to stop the single.
1 run, half-tracker on off stump, and once again heaved towards the leg side off the back foot. Billings is positioned there at cow corner.
1 run, they are peppering Dhawan here. Another pull straight to Dhawan but along the ground now.
no run, past the outside edge. Has him hopping with a short of a length ball angled into him that jags away off the seam.
1 wide, goes for the wide yorker, but just beyond the tram lines and he'll have to bowl it again.
OUT, excited stumping appeal from YJB. This legbreak outside off turns past his bat as he looks to flick and his back leg has dragged out and is in the air as that happens. Bairstow quick to break the stumps and that is a straightforward decision for the third umpire.
FOUR runs, overpitched outside off, and the batsman just stands where he is and slap-drives it, leaving deep point rooted to the ball while the ball flashes to the boundary to his left.
OUT, length, and he smacks this towards midwicket. There's a throw rifled in at the non-striker's end, and he's walking off. the batsman is gone, as Moeen the bowler whips the bails off. What a knock from the batsman here, this time in a losing cause.
SIX runs, crunches it over deep extra! That's not an easy shot on a slow pitch against a spinner. Whew, some timing. Full on off, backs away and goes inside-out with great effect.
SIX runs, and that's the game! Gambhir is pumped. Mumbai are despondent. What an inning sfrom the batsman, it's the same shot that Jadhav played to get six in game 1. A full delivery on middle and leg, flicked away over fine leg for six. Such power in those wrists.
1 run, short and just outside off. Walks into the line and shovels it out to deep square.
no run, good length and just outside off, steps out and punches to mid-off.
1 run, good length on middle stump, worked towards the leg side.
no run, thick outside edge against the googly. Looks to drive this length ball through cover and is reaching out a long way with his hands in the end.
1 run, full on off, but turns into Dhawan this time. Cuts it to cover point for a quick run, but he played that shot from very close to his body. Always a dangerous option.
1 run, short outside off, cut to sweeper.
2 runs, full on middle stump, flicked expertly to deep midwicket's right with soft hands.
no run, length around off, flatter and quicker, spins away from the batsman who looks to defend, beaten.
no run, rolls his fingers over this one. Back of a length, and very wide outside off. But the batsman's deceived by the pace, and all he can do is mistime a flat-batted shot to mid off.
FOUR runs, another attempted inswinger that finishes on the pads, flicked away again, this time fine on the leg side past the left of Dhoni for three successive boundaries.
no run, that's lodged between the batsman's thighs! good length coming in a touch, he wanted to whip it away but missed and the ball is stuck between his thighs. the bowler appeals but that would have gone over the stumps.
1 run, slower ball at a length outside off, steered to backward point's right off the front foot.
1 run, tries the outswinger this time, it stays low, and the batsman punches this down to long-on.
OUT, wide length ball, and he does well to drag this out of his reach. Pandya looks to drive it over extra cover, but this goes off the toe end as he has a long way to reach. Caught at deep point. Golden arm eh.
no run, full and a hint of late swing away. But he's behind this as he drives to mid-on.
no run, tossed on off, drilled straight back, Saha is in the firing line and cops a blow on the right leg.
no run, good start, hurrying the batsman's defence with one that rushes on to him.
2 runs, good length on off Yusuf punches it past cover for a couple. Sunrisers need 13 off 12 balls.
1 run, the batsman backs away even before Nabi delivers, giving himself acres and acres of room and then thrashing the ball out to the cover sweeper.
1 leg bye, short of a length at leg stump, hops and turns this down to fine leg.
1 run, inside edge as Nabi stays stuck in his crease and throws his bat at a full ball outside off. Pings away to fine leg.
1 run, gets down the track, to the pitch of a good length ball on leg stump, and works it to long-on.
2 runs, bouncer, gets big on him, still manages to clear the infield with the pull and gets a couple to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, he gets the yorker wrong as you will do it every now and then, and the batsman smacks this low full toss over wide long-on for a huge six over the grandstand and into the streets of Sharjah.
no run, length ball outside off, Rohit comes down the track and looks to smash it over the bowler's head, misses it completely.
1 run, the batsman sets himself and slashes from the crease, looking to slice the ball to the left of the cover sweeper, but he can't get it past him.
no run, beaten outside off. Good length and slows it right down outside off. Half-hearted push on the front foot from the batsman.
1 run, full on off, and he slogs across the line. Mistimed to deep midwicket.
1 run, tapped to cover, and they set off for a tip-and-run single.
1 run, on a length and outside off, presses forward and drives to long-off.
FOUR runs, fuller still and too much width again, drills a drive hard through the cover region.
1 run, flat on middle and leg, 80 kph, nudged to deep midwicket again. The runs have come this over.
no run, short of a length, outside off, punched to mid-off.
1 run, full, middle and leg, nudged into the leg side for one.
no run, short one at the body, quick delivery, it's a length that can trouble the batsman, he's late on it as he goes for the pull, gets it on the splice and nearly lobs back to the bowler.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
1 run, full, outside off, driven down to long-off for one. Another fifty for Dhawan.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, clipped away through midwicket.
FOUR runs, drops it short now and the batsman punishes him, makes a bit of room to flat-bat this extremely hard, into the gap to the left of long-off.
OUT, got him! A good length, and just holds its line after pitching around middle and off, and the batsman looks to run it down towards third man, but misses on contact completely. Strikes the top of off, and gives Kings XI Punjab the much-needed breakthrough in the Powerplay.
no run, leading edge! But just short of cover. Good length on middle stump, and the batsman's through with his leg-side flick too early. Almost carried to cover though.
FOUR runs, eeh. Stoinis lets that go through. Full and wide outside off, drilled away to the sweeper cover. Stoinis over-runs it, running to his right, and the ball spins past him with a grin.
1 run, fuller, angling down leg, sweeps but doesn't middle it. Rolls gently to the right of short fine leg.
1 run, wide and skiddy, cut away to deep cover.
no run, nicely bowled, slower around off, tapped away towards backward point.
SIX runs, good length on middle stump, and in his arc. Backs away and muscles this towards the leg side. Enough behind that shot to take it beyond long on. Rohit's not happy.
2 runs, short, not too wide, cut in the air and in front of square. Gets a two. Pandya not at his sprightliest when running.
no run, slips in a shortish delivery, the batsman is cramped for room as he bunts into the covers.
SIX runs, now that's a more believable six. Down the ground and mowed straight over long-off with plenty of elevation.
1 run, half-volley, outside off, driven to deep cover for one.
no run, bowls wide outside off, the batsman shuffles across, and it is not called wide even though it lands almost off the cut strip.
1 run, full outside off, he sweeps hard to deep square leg for a single.
no run, full toss outside off, he hits hard, gets a thick edge to short third man.
1 run, darted short on middle and leg, hangs back and clips a single through square leg.
1 run, on a length, outside off, pushed to mid-off for one.
2 runs, same line and length, but the batsman plays a different shot, a flick into the gap at midwicket for two.
1 run, walks down at him, Curran pulls the length back, he works this to deep square for one.
FOUR runs, the batsman backs away outside leg and jabs a yorker through the covers. This was a fine ball from the bowler: right in the blockhole. the batsman still manages to find the boundary. Make it 19 off the over.
2 runs, the flat one on the pads, worked away to deep square leg.
1 run, short of a length, quick, 150ks, and he goes back to run this down to third man.
no run, full outside off, and spinning into the batsman. Tries to drive it towards midwicket, but it takes a leading edge! Falls in front of cover point.
2 runs, quick, straight, worked to deep midwicket for two.
1 run, good length, quicker on outside off, cut to deep point.
no run, beaten. Continues with his line across the corridor. Skidding from a length. Axar looks to feel for that and it's past him rapidly.
to Parag, OUT, taken low at backward point! Very sharp from Gill, low to his left if he's taken this. Soft signal is out. Short ball outside off is laced off the back foot with an open face. It's quick and low to Gill's left. He keeps his eye on it, lunges low and in front. Appears like he has taken it cleanly too. Clean enough not to be overturned, anyway. That will stay out.
SIX runs, the batsman has mis-hit this slower ball for a six that lands short of the dugout. Opens up his front leg and lofts it down the ground.
SIX runs, slower length ball around off, the batsman clears his front leg and smashes it over the bowler's head for a maximum.
no run, looks to use the pace to paddle fine but is beaten by the slowness of the pitch and hit on the body.
1 run, sees the batsman back away and drops it at a back of a length on the leg-stump line, and the batsman pulls it away to square leg.
FOUR runs, dropped by Shakib, but this is a seriously tough chance, with the ball going a mile high, swirling in the air, coming down perfectly straight, bisecting long-on (Shakib) and long-off. Big effort from the Bangladeshi, but it's in vain.
1 run, floats up a Bosie on off stump, clubbed into a gap the leg side, just one though.
1 run, top edge to short fine's right. Another slower short ball, this one up above the right shoulder. Has a swish but can't control that. Would have had a wide if he didn't connect on it.
no run, bouncer, just 129ks, might have been the slower one, and beats the batsman's attempt to upper-cut him.
2 runs, full toss, on the pads, and he whips this away towards deep midwicket. Will pick up two, as the sweeper has some work to do there.
1 run, flicked off the hips to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, short and wide, gets on top of the bounce and slaps past the left of point who dives but can't get his hands to it.
1 wide, slower and fuller delivery but way outside off, the batsman backed away to carve over point but couldn't reach.
SIX runs, is this on? the batsman is, for sure. Short of a good length, angled into him as he walks into the leg side, and he uses the angle to swipe yet another one over the leg side. 87 metres in the direction of midwicket.
1 run, drags it down short and the batsman paddles it to short fine.
1 wide, bouncer too short. Rashid is ducking rapidly at this, but it's Buttler with the real work. One handed leap to hold on to that. It was sailing.
no run, good response. He sees the batsman advancing and bangs it in short, aiming for his right shoulder. The batsman has no option but to duck.
1 run, slower short ball again, pulled to deep square for one.
1 run, full on middle, flicked with the turn to deep square leg.
OUT, appeal for lbw and given! slower ball, full on off, grips a little and the batsman is not only early into the stroke but due to the press forward and across, has to play around his front pad, doesn't manage to get any bat on it and is found dead in front.
1 run, Harshal hits the batsman this time! No malice though. A soft shot towards cover had the batsmen running for a single, but Harshal ran there to try and break the stumps at the non-striker's, but the throw finds the batsman instead.
FOUR runs, fuller, slower, swept hard, and Shaw misfields at deep square leg. That's minus-three for him in the field.
OUT, caught on the rebound. the batsman whips away a full straight ball, but doesn't get enough power or elevation in it. The bat face closes early. M Ashwin is off the 30-yard circle so it keeps quickly at him. It hits the hands and pops up for an easy rebound.
SIX runs, full on the pads and the batsman is getting a measure of the bowling now, picks it up with the angle, gets the elevation and a lot of distance, launching it over deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, full outside off, the batsman tries to blast it through the off side, gets an outside edge which races to the fence.
1 run, full, outside leg stump, and Dhawan skips down the wicket, before muscling a leg-side swipe to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, whipped off the pads, that's a superb connection, timed through the 45, and away to the rope.
1 run, full on off, slight shuffle across and drills it to mid-on.
SIX runs, finishes the over with six! A dart on the pads from the bowler, Rohit runs at him with immense self-confidence and flicks him over midwicket for six. All timing, fantastic stroke-making.
no run, wide length ball, 136ks, but just inside the line. Left alone by the batsman.
SIX runs, sightscreen! Very well bowled, a slower delivery outside off, and wide too. the batsman comes down and just chips the ball straight, still so much timing that it hits the sighscreen.
SIX runs, oh, yes! Another big hit. the bowler sprays a short ball that's angled into him, and Rashid swivels and heaves a pull over deep backward square leg. What a strike! What drama!.
1 run, good length spinning into him from outside off, and the batsman tucks it to fine leg to bring up his own fifty. Gets there in 29 balls, one more than Warner. What a time these two have been having.
no run, full on leg stump, looks to flick and cops it on the pad.
FOUR runs, nice shot. Makes room again, the bowler follows him again, but he manages to get under this and lofts it straight of long-on for four.
no run, mistimes an attempted drive to extra cover. Didn't get the kind of width he would've liked.
SIX runs, short-arm jab but wow, that has sailed over deep midwicket. Picked the length early, transferred his weight back and bang!.
SIX runs, this is into the road. This is T20. Who cares if you have lost three early wickets? You still have seven over the next 17 overs. the bowler bowls a half-volley on the pads, and he languidly clips this over wide long-on. LOvely to watch.
SIX runs, miscued! But still a long long way! Wow, what power! Googly, flat and at a good length wide outside off again. Drags it off the inside half of the bat and then what? It's still in the upper tiers at midwicket.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, clipped away towards fine leg.
no run, back of a length, kicks up, and snakes past the outside edge. Encouraging carry to Buttler.
SIX runs, uses his feet, and sent over wide long on! Used all his muscle to tonk that. Didn't get to the pitch but that didn't matter.
no run, googly, short and ripping away outside off. Out of shape, beaten on the cut.
FOUR runs, on-pace to Patel, a low full toss outside off. Axar can't hit this for a six, but he manages to place this wide of long-off and times it well enough.
2 runs, good work down at third man from Natarajan. Short and just outside off, gives it a vicious slash and gets a thick edge to the fielder's right. It's quick and low to his right but he pushes it in when he's about to lose balance.
no run, dropped short outside off, cut firmly to extra cover's left but Warner's all over that.
1 run, full and flat on middle and off, driven down to long-on.
1 run, full outside off, and the pace is taken off. Driven towards cover, but with no real timing.
1 run, good length, just outside off. Stays on the back foot and punches to long off for an easy run.
1 run, full, middle and leg, pushed wide of midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, legbreak, punched down to long-on for one.
1 run, picked off the pads to deep square leg.
2 runs, oh sweet timing again. Full and outside off, can't lean into this drive to mid-off's left but he does enough to get two.
no run, full and just outside off, 137.4kph. Sweetly timed straight drive back at the bowler, who gets a hand on it.
1 run, angles a length ball across, steered behind point.
1 run, good length and punched to mid-on's right.
no run, full and just outside off, there for the drive but he's gone too eagerly at it. It trickles out to mid-off.
1 run, stands tall against a back of a length delivery and whips it to deep midwicket.
no run, good length, loopy at 78kph on a leg stump line. Looks for the slog sweep, but that turns away and gets him on the body.
1 wide, contentious wide. Good length ball outside off, starts outside the tramline but dips in late. the batsman lets it go and he gets the run.
SIX runs, moves across and hits a length ball over long on for six! the batsman is striking the ball well now.
FOUR runs, nearly chops it back on but it races away to the fine-leg fence! Slower ball outside off, de Villiers wanted to cut but came down too hard and early to a ball too close to the body for the stroke, survives a close call again.
FOUR runs, full, on-pace, down the leg side. the batsman gets an inside edge on this for four, but this one deserved to go anyway.
FOUR runs, reverse sweep past backward point. Good length legbreak outside off, gets low, makes up his mind, and gets a wonderful bat swing through this. Shami dives over it, to his right.
no run, full on off, from around the wicket. Parthiv mistimes a front-foot defense back to the bowler.
FOUR runs,  dropped by de Kock!  Went for a drive but got a thick edge that deflected off the keeeper's gloves and beat short third man to the boundary.
1 wide, Nifty footwork from the batsman! Half-tracker on leg  stump and the batsman misses the pull. Hits the keeper, and falls back into the batsman's pads. He isn't sure where the ball is, so chooses to wriggle the ball out of his body.
no run, and the batsman is showing that intent. Makes room early to go over cover, but gets an inside edge to short fine. This pitch is not exactly a flattie.
1 run, slower short ball just outside off, pulled to deep square.
no run, short of a length, 138ks, Surya plays with soft hands, but the ball doesn't go anywhere. Can't take a single.
1 wide, sees the batsman trying to back away and floats this wide, misses the wide line by a long way.
no run, length, straight, and he drives this back to the bowler.
no run, down the track charges Dhawan, but he flashes under the ball and hits only fresh air.
2 runs, length ball on middle stump, flicked to deep midwicket off the front foot.
1 run, diving stop by Rajpoot to his left at short third. 141kph, good length and in the corridor. Rohit leans back for the late cut.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to long-off for one.
no run, bounces over the stumps! the batsman tries to cut a ball that's way too full and gets a bottom edge. Buttler is in agony as he watches the ball bounce over leg stump.
FOUR runs, more elegance from the batsman. Not many batsmen have taken a liking to Lockie so far. the batsman enjoying him so far. This is full and just outside off. Sliding into the corridor and he's stood tall and opened the wrists to loft that over extra cover.
1 wide, full and wide outside leg stump. He can't play the whip off his pads, but the team still collects one.
1 run, slower offcutter, 118ks, on top of off, the batsman dabs on it, and Agarwal calls him through for a quick single.
no run, fullish length around off, the batsman nudges into the leg side.
1 run, swinging down the leg side this time, and he plays the pick-up to deep midwicket.
1 run, hangs back and whips a shortish delivery through midwicket.
SIX runs, nails that one! Hasn't nailed many so far, but this pull shot pings off sweetly. Short and up at the hips, quickly in position to send that flat and over the midwicket boundary. He's worked hard on developing that shot off the half-stride. Animated discussion with Gowtham after that - he still believes.
1 run, good length on middle stump, and punched off the back foot to long on.
1 wide, length and curving down leg side, past the flick.
1 run, length at middle again, gets the front leg across and tucks this to mid-on's left.
1 run, full ball, and he scoops it away towards backward point.
1 run, low full toss at off stump, punched out to long-off.
1 run, good length on middle, but the legbreaks gives the batsman the chance to free his arms. Mistimes a cut to the man in the deep.
FOUR runs, again, a length ball just outside off, and he has driven this flat and in the air, and well above mid-off who just throws his head back.
FOUR runs, forces it past the bowler and beats mid-off as well. Overpitched just outside off, looks to go hard at this, slightly turned bat, but enough connection on that.
1 run, length on leg stump, nudged through square leg off the front foot.
no run, short of length outside off, fails to connect the upper cut though.
1 run, length ball angled in at leg stump. Looks to dab it through midwicket and only manages to chip it into that region, closes the face too early.
no run, extra bounce from back of a length, angling into off stump. the batsman plays close to his body and defends into the on side.
FOUR runs, clobbers this! Looked to hit this straighter, gets it off the inner part, still clears mid-on.
1 run, throws his hands at a fuller one outside off and drives uppishly to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, slightly short, slightly wide. Enough for the batsman to slash a cut through point.
1 run, full, outside leg, drilled to deep midwicket.
1 run, full at the stumps, pushed down to long on.
1 run, late cut to short fine.the batsman shapes for the switch-hit but has to adjust as the bowler pushes this down leg side.
1 run, down the track to a flat one aimed towards off stump. Meets it on the full and slaps it away, and point dives right to get a hand to it and slow it down considerably.
1 run, steps out and works this with the spin to deep square, Umesh is a busy man.
no run, short dart, nearly 100ks, carved from outside off to backward point.
1 run, advances down the ground and drives to long-off for his sixth IPL fifty.
1 run, tossed up on middle stump, driven quietly down to long-off for one.
1 run, slower ball, 117ks, cuts back in, hits the inside half of the bat on the bi drive. They will sneak in the single.
1 run, full and wide, drilled to deep cover, and this does my head in no end. Why wouldn't you keep running till you are run out off the last ball? Put that fielder under pressure at least.
SIX runs, pace on ball, head high, and the batsman hooks this sweetly into the roof behind long leg. Oh the batsman, what timing. Even Kohli looks at it in awe.
1 run, slower one, angling into middle and leg. Closes his face early on the flick and sends a leading edge towards long-on.
no run, length at middle stump, punched straight to mid-on.
1 run, nearly played on, nearly run out. And now he has hurt himself. He looks down for the count. Short of a length, outside off, he looks to punch it, drags it on, and his foot comes in the way. The ball rolls to slip, Dhawan runs, the batsman responds but he can't get any power into the run because he has hurt himself. Watson misses with the direct hit.
OUT, what a shot, and what a catch! It was a low full toss on off, that he does well to ramp over the keeper's head. But Iyer had kept Shaw at a very fine fine leg, and it goes straight down his throat! Daredevils piling the pressure.
(no ball) 1 run, the batsman steps out, Mohit spears a high full-toss above the waist, spliced down to long-off. Tight call, considering the batsman was down the track.
1 run, short of a length on off stump, flicked to deep midwicket's left off the back foot.
no run, more dots! A carrom ball outside off, worked to midwicket. Karthik sends him back for the last ball.
2 runs, full outside off, but he connects with the sweep. Not timed well, and that actually allows the batsman to come back for the second. Team 150.
FOUR runs, 10 boundaries in 10 balls! Wow, what a start for Royals. Probably his best delivery, close to a wide yorker but why would you want to bowl that with third man up? the batsman sees the ball early and scythes the ball through backward point.
FOUR runs, helped over short fine. Too short, too much down leg. Easy.
1 run, full toss on off stump, driven to long-off.
FOUR runs, drops short and he clobbers this! Rocks back and wallops it between deep midwicket and long-on.
no run, slower ball, nearly a yorker, dug out back to him.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, the batsman takes his front leg out and hits it towards midwicket.
no run, back of a length and on middle, forced back to the bowler.
SIX runs, hoisted into the stands over long-on! The runs keep coming, as the bowler strays into the hitting zone and pays the price!.
1 run, fired in, nearly a yorker, drilled to wide long-on for one.
1 run, offbreak, on a length, punched to deep midwicket for one.
no run, short, and wide, and he cuts this but cannot go past short cover.
FOUR runs, lands just inside at long-on. Short and rising in the corridor at 150.6kph. Similar to the last ball in some ways, but this time Kishan his through the angle with a lofted pull over mid-on.
1 run, lands safe! Full outside off, the batsman wants to hit straight, his preferred hitting range against seam. But the ball skews over point. Rashid runs in from sweeper cover and can only collect on the bounce.
no run, full, quick, pushed to extra cover.
SIX runs, never mind the slip. the batsman has slogged this over the bigger boundary. He sees one full enough, the back knee goes down, and he slogs powerfully. The knee doesn't even reach the ground as he plays the shot.
1 run, back to short of a length, Dhawan takes a single with an open face.
OUT, holes out to deep midwicket, Cutting takes a superb catch running to his right. What's happening here! A short ball from Hardik, the batsman pulled and that hardly went any distance beyond the 30-yard circle, Cutting wasn't at the boundary but well inside and he did well to run a few yards to his right and slide to catch that.
1 run, short of a length, gets big on him, he drops it down to point for a single.
1 run, it all ends with a knuckle ball that is nudged through midwicket. All very tame.
no run, bouncer, well outside off, and Tyagi wants to have nothing to do with it.
no run, on a length, just outside off, and de Villiers pushes on the up to cover.
FOUR runs, 145 kph, doesn't miss out this time. Back of a length on middle and leg, makes contact with his flick this time and the ball goes flying past short fine leg's left.
no run, dropped! Finch has dived in front of Gayle from second slip and put one down! Rahul chucks the ball away in frustration. CSK were this close to being in a disastrous position. the bowler, back of a length outside off. the batsman jabs at it with feet rooted to the crease. That was going straight to Gayle.
no run, quicker googly, breaks back in to beat the inside edge and catch the pad but this is heading past the leg stump.
2 runs, full toss that he bunts down to wide long-on, superbly stopped by a slide by Dan Christian.
no run, slower ball on the stumps, checked his drive to mid-off.
1 wide, tries to follow him a slower ball but bowls a wide down the leg side.
1 run, yorker, hit back towards the bowler who sticks his foot to nearly kick it past mid-off. But Boult does well there. Anyway, the single brings up the batsman's fifty.
1 run, looks to pull, makes a decent connection, but can't beat midwicket.
2 runs, pushed through on off, he's back and cutting to short third man, a misfield from Sodhi allows for two.
FOUR runs, slapped past cover! Good length outside off, and just enough room for Yusuf to free his arms. Muscles this past the two infielders on the off side on this occasion.
FOUR runs, dragged to deep square's left. Slower short ball at middle stump, waits again and pulls aerially to find the boundary.
1 run, short of a length outside off, opens the face and runs it to deep backward point.
no run, tries to open the face late for a run down to third man but manages no contact.
1 run, good length again outside off and coming in to him, jabbed to mid-off. the batsman calls late for a quick single but luckily for Turner, he's stretched out full and made his ground. Would have been really tragic to be run out through no fault of his own after all those ducks.
1 run, full on off, and that's been driven past the bowler's left. Man at long off though.
1 bye, beats him with a seam-up yorker outside off. the batsman was trying to slice it past the keeper and get it fine to the third man boundary but no such luck.
2 runs, takes a big, premeditated step back and across and gets outside off stump. the bowler bowls a slower length ball on off stump and he clips it away through midwicket.
FOUR runs, too full outside off, another languid drive from the batsman. Smooth swing and tremendous follow-through as he crunches through extra cover.
1 run, back of a length outside off, slapped past point.
no run, nearly yorks him, dug out back to him.
1 wide, short slower ball down leg side, lets that go.
1 run, fetches this from outside off to paddle it fine, first ball.
2 runs, another paddle-sweep from the batsman, and though there's a hint of top edge about this one, there's no-one at short fine leg.
SIX runs, fifty of 20 balls! What. An. Innings. He has deflated this bowler. It's a full toss at off stump, where he's camping. Merely flicks his wrists and sends it over the square leg boundary.
1 run, quick, seam-up, wide outside off, driven to long-off for one.
1 run, just short of deep square. Short of a length just outside off, has a slug across the line and ends up getting under that too much as it climbs. Elevation, more than anything, and the fielder running in can't even get close.
no run, back of a length at off stump, defended to the covers.
no run, and now the batsman has refused the single. That will make it more awful for Tewatia, but I think he wants to take the toll of the bowler.
1 run, short and wide outside off, slapped off the back foot to sweeper.
FOUR runs, wrist work to the fore! Length and sliding into middle and leg, whipped to the square leg boundary.
FOUR runs, some shot. To get this much power off the back foot when hitting in front of square. the bowler bowls short of a length, just outside off, and he crunches it in front of cover to find the gap at deep extra cover.
FOUR runs, full toss, on the pads, and he flicks this away nonchalantly towards long leg.
1 run, wide length ball, slow in the air, a legbreak, driven to long-off for one.
1 run, goes back into the crease as he works this indrifter towards midwicket.
1 run, turns into him, and he whips this away towards square leg.
FOUR runs, stays leg side of the short ball on middle and leg and taps it to the left of point. Good placement again from the batsman.
no run, off-stump yorker, surprises Faf, jammed out.
no run, deflects off the thigh to slip. Cramped for room by a length ball as he tried to work it to the legside.
1 run, dropped short outside off, gets back and pulls it to long-on's right. the batsman was down for a second run that Gaikwad was rejecting. But Jordan's throw has gone to the striker's end.
no run, length on off stump, punched to mid-off on the up.
no run, good length and turning away from leg stump. the batsman wants to flick but that's back down the pitch off the leading edge.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off, and he sticks his bat out to guide a late-cut to third man.
1 run, works it off his hips through square leg. There's a man patrolling that boundary.
no run, length ball angling into leg stump, and he opens the bat's face to play towards point. Can't find the gap.
1 run, good length on the stumps, flicked to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, short outside off and finally de Villiers gets one away, up on his toes and slashes it over point.
1 run, slower ball, into the deck, and cramping the batsman. The batsman gets a leading edge that lands just past the pitch, somewhere near mid-on.
1 run, length ball, into his pads, and he flicks this towards midwicket.
SIX runs, oh, dear! What short of a delivery is that! the bowler drops it short and the batsman backs away and carts it over long-off. Slapped away.
no run, back-of-the-hand delivery, back of a length and it bounces up a little extra towards off stump. Pulls without too much power to midwicket.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, the batsman dabs it down to third man. He moved away from his stumps initially, then shuffled across them again to get close to the line.
no run, good turn away from him, after pitching on a good length just outside off. Beats the outside edge again.
2 runs, dropped by Sandeep! A slower ball on leg, Sarfraz top-edges his hoick, it carries to a very fine fine leg. Sandeep runs in but puts the catch down, he had too much forward momentum.
no run, low full toss punched straight to mid-on. He was dancing around a bit thinking of the scoop, but might have outfoxed himself by the end of the dance.
1 run, back of a length on off, he wants to slap it away but gets an under-edge to mid-off. They take a quick single.
1 run, drills this full delivery on the bounce to long off.
1 run, picked off the pads to deep midwicket.
no run, a full delivery outside off is driven to extra cover.
1 run, length ball outside off, punched to sweeper cover off the toe-end.
no run, yorker at middle stump, jammed down the pitch.
no run, full on off, he leans forward and eases this straight to cover. Expensive over.
FOUR runs, short of a length on off, gets a little big on him as he shifts back in his crease and then opens the face of the bat a tad to place it through third man.
no run, good length and at the stumps. Defended down the pitch.
no run, googly from wide of the crease, snakes in and catches the pad, but the batsman is hit outside the line. He did not pick the variation at all and was caught on the crease.
FOUR runs, nudged past short fine. Attempted yorker is a full toss on the batsman's pads. Barely has to do anything with that.
1 run, stays low, on a length, angling in, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, past the hook. Short and steep and fast at middle stump, he's not close to making connection.
FOUR runs, manipulates the bowling now. Makes room early, gets a full ball on the leg stump, and opens the face to place it between point and cover-point. Short boundary too. Fifty too. We've been expecting you, Mr the batsman.
1 run, low full toss outside off, pushed to deep point for one.
1 run, full and veering into the pads, picked up and lifted over midwicket.
1 run, 142.8kmh and down the leg side, the batsman also backs up and then tucks it to long leg.
FOUR runs, slashes, but gets a thick edge that runs wide of the keeper to the third man boundary.
SIX runs, the googly around middle and leg, in the hitting arc and he goes smash, over midwicket. Massssive hit.
1 run, too short and pulled again, but there's protection now at square leg so they get only a single.
1 wide, another one. This one barely lands on the pitch outside off.
1 run, works this behind square, towards Shubman Gill at dreep square leg.
1 run, dropped short outside off, punched to long-off from the back foot.
no run, length on off, turns away, steered towards gully.
OUT, oh, dear. He's hit this straight down the throat of deep midwicket. Too short, he picked the correct ball to pull, a googly, pulled but didn't connect as well as he would've liked. Krunal was mindful of the ropes behind him. He was no more than an inch or two in front of the ropes. After a promising start, the batsman has ended the season with a string of ordinary performances.
1 run, good length on off stump, and Curran backs away to make some extra room. Slaps this square past point to the man in the deep.
FOUR runs, outside edge, too early into the shot again, and the ball bounces more than he expected and comes on slower. Takes an outside edge to run to the third man fence. Lucky for the batsman.
2 runs, length ball on leg stump, clipped off his pads to deep square's left.
OUT, short on leg stump, and there's the breakthrough. Was a little cramped for room while looking to pull this, and he can't quite get the power on it to clear the boundary. Keemo Paul catches it diving to his right at deep square leg.
2 runs, fuller ball, and he plays it towards midwicket, and they take two again.
1 run, slower ball on middle, pulled away along the ground, without any timing, towards midwicket for one.
FOUR runs, short of a length, angled across, the batsman gets the front leg out and punches it through extra cover.
1 run, length, and he whips this towards deep midwicket. They settle for a single this time.
2 runs, drilled back past the bowler, no chance for mid off. K Gowtham hared around the ropes from long on to put out a diving stop. Super stuff. Saved three runs. I just think both batsmen assumed that will be a boundary.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, glanced through square leg off the back foot.
no run, full outside off, tapped to extra cover's left.
1 run, full and straight, driven wide of mid-off for one.
no run, skidder outside off, chopped to the off side adjacent to the pitch.
1 wide, short and down leg side, beaten on the flick.
1 run, backs away, the bowler doesn't follow him, so he comes back and plays a nothing chip to long-off. Lucky to not hit it well.
1 run, a full toss, just outside off, the batsman backs away and hits it towards covers.
1 leg bye, works it through midwicket.
no run, short outside off, and Yusuf can't connect with the pull. Not a wide, but that's one for the over.
FOUR runs, swept to the backward square boundary. Full and outside leg stump. Gets down on a knee and swats this between square leg and short fine.
no run, a googly from outside off, pitching on a length, the batsman goes back and defends.
OUT, lovely catch by H Pandya. the bowler's slowness means the batsman has to create all the power on this lofted cover drive. Pandya is off the fence and he has to run back to hold on and he has to keep the fence in mind too. He does all that, and makes it look easy. the bowler's first IPL wicket since 2015.
1 run, length ball, fired across wide of off stump, slapped to deep cover.
SIX runs, length ball on the stumps, clears his front leg and lofts it over wide long-on for a biggie.
no run, good length on middle, and the batsman's trapped in his crease. Does well to defend it off the back foot.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked into the leg side.
1 run, full on off, and the batsman tries to crunch this past cover again. Mistimed towards the off side, but manages to take the single.
1 run, and again, they nearly allow KXIP back in with a quick single. Hit straight to point, Buttler calls him through, and the batsman is having to dive at the non-striker's end to stay alive. And he still wouldn't have got in had Suchith hit.
1 run, good length and swung away outside off, thick outside edge to third man as he pushes on the front foot.
FOUR runs, full toss on middle, and the batsman backs away to make room. Fast hands from the batsman makes him slice a square-cut, and that's been struck past third man for four.
no run, right behind the line of this length delivery as he defends back.
SIX runs, back of a length on middle, and the batsman waits for the ball to come to him, before thumping a pull over cow corner!.
1 run, goes short, but it's a googly. Down leg. Pulled away to deep square leg.
1 run, turns into him, and he goes back and turns it away towards long leg.
no run, full awayswinger from middle stump, driven straight to mid-off on the front foot.
no run, full down leg, 87 kph, blocked.
no run, shorter length, he tries to pull, taken on the thigh and it pops up safely into the off side.
1 run, length ball on off, and the googly spins into the batsman. Nudged off the back foot to midwicket.
1 run, good length, nipping back in again but ends up on the pads, and flicked towards square leg.
no run, shifts down the leg side and it's another slower one as the batsman swings without a clue about what he's doing. Beaten.
1 run, steps out and swings this down to long on.
FOUR runs, a googly down leg, the batsman sweeps that very fine for four. The fielder runs around and misfields. Surprise, surprise. This time the fielder is Harshal.
no run, a slower ball outside off, drilled to cover.
1 run, fired into the pads, turned to deep midwicket.
no run, short of a length outside off, uppish cut to backward point.
no run, beaten as he looks to steer this behind point. Bounce nearly did him in.
no run, full, at off, defended back towards him.
1 run, short of extra cover. That kicks up from the surface. Length and just outside off. Opens him up as he looks to drop this into the off side.
1 run, back of length again and tapped to point by the batsman again for one more single.
1 run, good length outside off, leans in and pats it to mid-off.
SIX runs, knee high full toss now, and draws a bit of a mis-hit still. However, at Sharjah, this is strong enough. Rashid leaps at deep square leg and sticks his hand out, but this clears him.
OUT, oh he's crunched that straight to cover! Whew, he hit that so well! It's a short ball outside off and he's cut that with some bat speed, but it's straight into Garg's lap. A metre either side and I don't think he'd have got a hand on that.
no run, short of a length in the corridor, 148kph, left alone for the angle.
1 run, wide of the crease, short and slanting in towards the top of off, the batsman hops and fends it towards point.
1 run, short of good length outside off, punched to sweeper cover for one.
OUT, the slowness of the pitch showing. This is a length ball, into the pads, something the batsman loves to pick-up over the leg side. But this has come off the bottom of the bat, and he caught at deep square.
2 runs, tossed up outside off, it's pretty slow so the batsman can hang back and push it past point for a couple.
1 run, just past mid-on. Good length and outside off, looks to drag it across. Drops short of mid-on and he can only parry it to deep midwicket.
2 runs, full ball, and he whips this towards deep midwicket, and they pick up two. Was timed to perfection, in that it made the fielder run in hard.
1 leg bye, length ball outside leg, a googly. Looks to sweep but gets it towards short fine off the thigh guard.
1 run, full on the pads, clipped to midwicket.
1 run, skiddy length ball, bunted to cover.
no run, length, outside off, and he gets up on his toes to punch it towards point.
no run, slow, wide, loopy, the batsman tries the sweep, but is beaten.
FOUR runs, slower delivery but the length is too short, the batsman backs away and slaps this one bounce to the point boundary. Held his shape nicely.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, backs away and slaps it hard to Iyer. The new captain throws himself to his right to stop the ball.
OUT, and hello, the youngster has taken the batsman down. He sticks to his guns. Flights up a length-ball legcutter. the batsman opens up the front leg to slog-sweep him, but the ball doesn't turn away. Just goes on with the angle to knock back the middle stump.
1 run, good length on middle, and the batsman turns it towards the leg side with soft hands. Calls early for the single.
2 runs, short of a length, outside off, this time he has punched him to the left of deep cover for two more.
no run, slower offcutter outside off, back of a length, steps away and flat-bats it down to long-off.
no run, deceived by the slower ball! Good length on the fourth-stump line, but the batsman's through his cut shot too early.
no run, dabs this gently into the off side.
1 run, slower outside off, shorter in length, the batsman chops it away towards point.
1 run, pushed a length ball through the off side.
no run, a straight, very full delivery is jammed back to the bowler.
1 run, picked off the pads through square leg.
FOUR runs, just short of the yorker length, and he goes over extra cover for four more. Hit off the cue, but has enough in it to clear the infield.
no run, full and straight, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, good length and slides back in, the batsman does not pick the variation and chops an inside edge to get away.
no run, length ball angling into the batsman's body as he skips down the wicket. Mistimes a flick to the leg side.
no run, length on off, slower, the batsman waits for it and pushes to point.
OUT,  hit straight back!  Dhawan steps out to go over the top, can't get to the pitch and ends up chipping it back. Big wicket for RCB. Dhawan checked his shot because the ball gripped the surface and spun back in, may have been able to just clear the bowler had he gone through.
no run, very wide on the crease again, the batsman squares up on the back foot to defend.
1 run, short of a length, comes on with the arm around leg stump, and the batsman stands tall and tucks into the leg side.
FOUR runs, another short ball, this time towards leg and he knows fine leg is in. Waits for it and pulls it to the long leg boundary for four more.
1 run, stays back for a slow delivery, 86ks. It runs off the outside edge to short third man, and he responds to Hooda's call.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched to point off the back foot.
OUT, short ball, over his shoulder, top-edges the hook, easy catch for deep midwicket. Mumbai looking to end this early now.
no run, almost a yorker on middle stump, and the batsman's straight drive takes an inside edge. The ball ricochets onto his toes.
no run, good length on off stump, defended off the back foot.
1 run, full, straight, legbreak. Worked to leg for one.
1 run, full just outside off, but too close to his body for the drive. Mistimes it towards cover point on this occasion.
FOUR runs, just short of fine leg who ends up creating a ramp for the ball to slide off of and lob into the boundary behind him. Slower short ball at middle stump and it was a dipping pull shot to Jagadeesan's left. Decided to go in for the catch and couldn't manage it.
1 run, knee-high full toss on middle stump. the batsman clips it off his pads to the man in the deep on the leg side.
OUT, oh he has hit better balls than this for sixes. This is right in the slot, it is on-pace, and he is thinking six as he swings hard, but gets the toe end of the bat for an easy catch to midwicket.
1 run, in the blockhole on middle and leg. Makes room to poke it to extra-cover, who's right on the edge of the circle.
no run, short ball, well directed, fast and accurate, the batsman swings and misses.
no run, massive lbw appeal as he's struck in front of middle but there might have been an inside edge. He was looking to sweep from off stump. Replays will be interesting it hits his back thigh, which might have been outside the line of off stump. Pooran signalled bat, Rahul signals outside off they might both be right.
2 runs, short ball outside off, punched firmly off the back foot to sweeper's right. Kulkarni puts in a slide there to stop it.
1 run, good length on middle stump. Goes deep into the crease and whips it to square to deep midwicket.
1 run, outside the leg stump and the batsman sweeps with really hard hands to long leg for one.
no run, on a length, holds its line, headed for top of off. Defended.
1 run, good length and in at off stump, leans into that and punches toe extra cover's left.
no run, length on off, pushed to cover.
1 run, short of a length, at off, steered to third man.
no run, short of a length, slower ball, punched straight to extra cover.
1 run, length ball, another slower cutter, on off stump. Makes room and punches to deep point.
1 run, short of a length, angled in at middle and leg, punched to long-on.
1 run, better line from the bowler as the batsman drives that with turn into the covers.
no run, full-toss outside off, the batsman, having shuffled across, swats it away to long-on and refuses the single.
1 run, full on the stumps, pushed to wide long-on.
OUT, taken at midwicket. Length ball at off stump, turning away from him. Steps out as it climbs on him. Looks to go over the leg side but ends up slicing it high into the air.
OUT, slower ball, on a length, the batsman is looking to go over extra. And it seems to me he has picked the slower ball, but ends up hitting it straight to extra cover. There is a send-off. RCB have been feisty all night, but this one doesn't involve their captain Kohli. the bowler has had something to say to the batsman, who points a finger and says something in return.
1 leg bye, big appeal for lbw as he beats him on the sweep. Not given, but MI review. If it is the legbreak, has it straightened enough? No it is the wrong'un. Is it full enough to be pitching within the stumps and hitting them too? I suspect this is pitched outside leg. And it is pitched well outside leg. Good decision by the on-field umpire: he picked the googly and decided it had to be pitching outside if it was hitting the stumps.
FOUR runs, wheels are coming off for SRH. Natarajan lets it slip through his legs at short fine leg. the bowler swings it in, Dhawan glances it to short fine, but Natarajan gives away four runs.
no run, flat again, speared in on a length on leg stump. Gets forward, looking to clip through midwicket, but he's forced to play straighter than he'd want and the bowler cuts off the single.
1 run, turned towards mid-on as they scamper a quick single. Bhuvi cleverly shortened his length to push him onto the back foot.
no run, on a length, on off, driven on the up, but straight to mid-off.
FOUR runs, slower ball on the pads, it's a full toss, doesn't dip quite as much as the earlier one to Lynn but the batsman picks it up and helps it along to deep squareleg's right.
1 run, short of a length, rising outside off, he rides the bounce and runs this down to third man for one.
1 run, shortish outside off, whacks it away to deep backward point.
1 run, good length on middle, Dhawan defends and gets a bit of inside edge and pad to sneak a single as the ball wanders towards cover.
no run, moves across his crease to slices the back of a length delivery to cover.
no run, skidder on off stump, nearly 98ks, blocked to cover off the front foot.
1 run, quicker, short of a length, off the bottom edge for a single to cover-point.
no run, back to regulation swing, and he has smashed this straight to midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, quick, no room, steered to third man for one.
no run, a big appeal, pad first, think Mumbai. But it's a legbreak that may have struck Yusuf outside the line. With the spin, that's missing off stump too. But Mumbai want to review. It is pad first, but that needed to be a googly. Yusuf got forward and looked to defend, the ball struck him outside the line and the spin is also taking that away from the stumps, says HawkEye.
no run, skiddy back of length ball on off from wide of the crease, the batsman punches back. Good one-handed stop by Mavi on his followthrough.
no run, on the money first ball. Good length on off, and angling into the batsman. Fended off the back foot.
1 run, good length on leg stump, glanced to fine leg off the back foot.
FOUR runs, reverse sweep, nails it, over point, gets four to the short off-side biundary.
FOUR runs, short ball, hammered flat and hard towards Suyakumar at midwicket, who makes a valiant attempt to go for the catch but the ball falls short and hurries off the practice wickets into the fence.
no run, full just outside off. Defended off the front foot towards cover. Slightly slower this time, meaning more revs on that delivery.
no run, drifts back in from wide of the crease, lands on length and spins back in. the batsman defends. Excellent first over.
1 run, on a length, outside off, runs this down to third man for one.
OUT, the bowler celebrates even before the umpire raised his finger! Another skidder, length on middle and going straight through. the batsman goes onto the back foot to defend, but he misses, and it hits his front leg. But the batsman chooses to review after a long deliberation with Watson. Pitched on middle, impact on middle, and the ball would clip middle stump. the batsman falls as the bowler drags Mumbai back into this game! Oh, and CSK lose their review as well. Ay Caramba.
OUT, not this time. Another miscue from the batsman's many attempts. This is full and the angle is across him. He looks to go leg side with the loft and can only slice it harmlessly for the fielder at long-on. His longest innings in the IPL comes to an end.
no run, good length outside off, pushed into the covers on the front foot.
5 wide, a bouncer from the bowler but it flies over the keeper's head as the batsman ducks under, just kept climbing, five wides.
1 run, falls short of fine leg. The short ball plan nearly works out. Up at his grille and he loses shape - and his bottom hand - as he leaps and has a flap at it.
FOUR runs, the second back-foot shot over mid-off from the batsman. the bowler digs this in, and is wide of off, and the batsman is on his toes to flat-bat it over mid-off. Forehand down the line.
FOUR runs, slogged to the midwicket boundary. Good length and just outside off. Clears the front leg and nails the connection on it.
5 wide, Rare! Dhoni misses behind the stumps. Full outside leg stump, but turning further away from the left-hander. He can't play the sweep, and neither can the keeper hold on.
2 runs, bit of mix up for the second run, almost a run-out chance for the batsman as he came back for the second but he's made it. the batsman drilled that fuller delivery through the covers, it was in the gap and he hesitated a bit for the second after turning around but saw Shaw coming back so took off too. Luckily the throw came at the bowler's end first and he reached by the time it came to the keeper.
FOUR runs, 149.6 kph. Back of a length on middle, the batsman backs away, clears his front leg and carves a cut wide of backward point, to his left. That's his strength and he played to that.
2 runs, he goes for the catch! Good effort. A low full toss is hit away to the sweeper cover. Rashid runs in, decides to go for the catch and nearly gets there. He gets body behind ball, as my cricket coach used to say, and stops it from going past.
no run, a slower ball outside off, that's the length that will cut off the pitch. the batsman makes no contact.
no run, length ball swinging away outside off. Left alone.
1 run, fenced into the leg side, off the back foot.
1 run, length outside off, steps out and taps through the open midwicket region.
1 run, full and straight, just short of being a yorker, whipped to leg, but straight to deep midwicket.
no run, pushed into the off side again.
2 runs, misfield! Allows SRH to take another run. Full on middle, and the batsman comes down the wicket. Misses the slog, but manages to play it to backward square. The infielder can't collect.
SIX runs, dropped. Difficult chance but by Pandey's standards, this is definitely a drop. This is a short ball pulled straight to Pandey at long-on. He has to leap a little for this overhead catch, but ends up parrying it over. Seems he was not sure of how far behind the boundary rope is.
FOUR runs, 113 kph, a slower straight ball is chipped over mid-off. Almost carries the distance, for six. Lands just inside.
1 run, full, slow, just outside off, driven to long-off.
no run, a groan and down he goes! A short of a good length ball jumping in viciously from outside off. Hangs the bat out and gets an inside that deflects the ball straight into the box.
no run, short of a length, fired in, looks to hit this down the ground but ends up dragging it to square leg.
1 run, legbreak, short, outside off, cut to deep point.
1 run, length outside off, steered to third-man.
1 run, good length on middle stump, worked off his legs to deep midwicket. Another excellent evening for the bowler.
no run, some grip in the surface! Shreyas is setting himself to play to leg, but he's squared up by one that holds up in the surface.
1 run, slower ball, but overpitched on off. Drills it to cover and gives Hardik the strike.
1 run, another full toss on middle, the batsman flicks it away to deep squareleg's right but only for one.
2 runs, wide slower one, fairly full. I think the batsman was looking to stab that through point, but ended up playing too early and ended up flat-batting it to long-off instead.
no run, punches the back of a length ball outside off to cover.
1 run, good length on middle, and drags his pull to deep midwicket. Man in the deep.
no run, fired in flat, angling slightly down leg. Looks to sweep and misses, is hit on the pad to provoke a half-appeal from the bowler.
FOUR runs, flicked off the pads again, he does time those well! Proper cricket shots in that over!.
no run, length ball, wide outside off, and turning further away. Shapes up to cut, but misses.
1 run, full-toss on off, the batsman swings and inside-edges it onto the pad, the ball dribbles away to cover.
1 wide, too far down leg and that will be wide.
1 run, yorker in the corridor, jams it into the pitch and it bounces over the bowler for a single at long-off.
FOUR runs, sliced past extra cover! Walking into the leg side again. the bowler overpitches on a stumps line. the batsman has made plenty of room and drives on the rise. A little uppishly but to the fielder's right.
OUT, Sharma gets the batsman for the seventh time in the IPL. Again he follows inswinger after inswinger with an outswinger. On a length, outside off, slow off the surface, and the batsman fails to keep his drive down. Caught at short extra cover. Nobody has got the batsman out more often in the IPL. Sharma has gone past Nehra's six.
no run, slower ball, full outside off. Leans in for the drive but can't time it. Gets it straight to extra cover.
FOUR runs, top shot. the bowler pitches short of a length, and he goes back to cut it in front of deep point for four. the batsman's last dance this year.
1 wide, slower offcutter, full, outside leg.
no run, squirts this full delivery off a thick inside edge to midwicket.
1 wide, the knuckle ball goes wrong. Full and waaaay down leg.
no run, the batsman backs away to this off-stump yorker and carves it to the right of backward point. Excellent diving save from Sunrisers' gun fielder Pandey.
FOUR runs, lovely batting. Short, quick, but slightly too far down the leg side. And again, Dhawan is not happy with just the one extra. He wants to tap this fine for four. And he succeeds too.
no run, loops it into the blockhole on middle, the batsman pops it back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, swept and swept hard, rolling his wrists over to find the deep square leg boundary.
1 wide, will have to rebowl this. Down the leg side, and called wide.
1 run, goes for a big heave, gets a thick inside edge onto the pad, they scamper a run. Looked to smack this to deep midwicket, down to Balewadi, on the highway.
1 run, slower ball gone wrong as the ball dips on the batsman. Nearly a waist-high full toss, and that's been nudged away to square leg.
1 run, short of a length, the batsman looks to punch this through point but it is slow off the surface so he uses soft hands to drip this at his toes for one.
SIX runs, and that is six no. 1. the batsman doesn't bother with a sighter from the bowler. He backs away and lofts a length ball over mid-off. Not even off the middle of the bat. More of the toe end.
OUT, leading edge and the catch has been taken by Yusuf at short third man. He's taken it one-handed! For a while it looked like Yusuf lost it completely, thinks its going over, eventually sticks his right hand out to pluck that. the batsman shaped to pull but was cramped for room and the ball looped up. Big strike, the match is alive!.
1 run, short of a length at middle, clipped to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, big wind-up, wide length ball, hit wide of mid-off for one.
no run, slow, on a length, slight turn, inside edge onto the pad.
no run, back of a length on off, spins away, defended.
no run, full outside off, driven to extra cover.
OUT, taken at long-on! the batsman biffs a short ball outside off with great power, but these are long boundaries and that's a top fielder. KL Rahul comes in off the boundary and takes it ever so confidently. Royals need 50 off 17 now.
1 run, good length outside off, and he rocks back to punch towards deep extra cover.
no run, extra bounce. the batsman shuffles across early, and then backs away. Kirshna goes short of a length, and the loopy bounce beats him cut.
1 run, flatter, shorter, pulled down the ground for one.
no run, good length on off, he defends with an open face to short third man.
FOUR runs, over the bowler with a subdued helicopter. Or chinna helicopter as they'd call it there in Chepauk. Near yorker length, just missing from the bowler. Leg stump line. Gets the front leg out and whips it, flat, over the bowler.
1 run, chance of a run out, but misses! Length ball outside off, and it's been steered to short third man. They want the single, and they're going for it! Safe eventually.
1 run, worked with the spin wide of midwicket.
2 runs, good length at leg stump, shoveled to deep square's right off the back foot.
1 run, short, straight, and he drives it down to long on.
1 run, chest-high short ball on off or just a shade outside, the batsman is rushed for pace. He splices a pull over midwicket. Pandya runs in from the deep but the ball drops in front of him.
1 run, the batsman gives long off more work to do, punching off the back foot.
no run, slower good length ball outside off, looks to chop behind point and gets an inside edge to the keeper.
1 run, flighted legbreak, driven with an open face for a single.
SIX runs, full and outside off, the batsman opens up his hips and scythes it flat and hard over extra cover. Hits the ad boards on the flush.
3 runs, length on middle, shaping away from warner, who pushes to point, they take off for a single and a needless throw at the striker's end, with Williamson past the stumps, leads to more overthrows.
FOUR runs, rolls into the long-off boundary. Mid-off is in. He steps out in anticipation of the bowler' good length ball slammed into the pitch and gets it. Outside off, he's running into the leg side. It comes off the low part of the bat and floats over the infield.
2 runs, fired in middle, clipped to long-on's right for another couple.
SIX runs, length, and this time he comes across the stumps to the off side, and swipes this over long leg. Terrific shot!.
1 run, there's a nice cuurrrrrruch off the bat as Shreyas goes for the back foot punch through cover.
2 runs, comes down the track and works this length ball with the turn to midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, quick, draws an inside edge for one.
no run, quicker ball, some turn back, punched away crisply, but can't beat the man at cover.
2 runs, cut away, sweet timing. Down to the boundary rider.
OUT, the bowler dupes the batsman and the bowler completes the job! And then he chucks the ball into the ground in frustration. Hasn't been a great season so far and you can see it in his reaction. A top ball though. Offcutter, dipping on the batsman who would have been thrown out of the nets 10 years ago for attempting this filthy heave into the leg side. It was on though, and it was coming off for him today. Just not this time. Cuts away from a length on off stump, he loses his shape, gets a top edge. the bowler runs to his left and holds on at midwicket with a slide to keep his balance.
1 run, on leg stump, and clipped off his pads to midwicket. No one's there, so Jaddu has to go chasing behind it.
FOUR runs, picks the slower ball outside off, full and wide. the batsman gets underneath the length and lofts the ball cleanly over cover for four.
SIX runs, sends this a long way over long-on. The trademark the batsman loft against offspin. Quickly down the pitch to meet this at the pitch and a lovely clean swing with the turn.
1 run, slower ball outside off, good length. Makes room and looks to go over cover. Gets it off the toe-end to long-on.
1 run, shimmies down the pitch to turn the ball on middle through midwicket.
FOUR runs, oh smart. Expects the slower ball dug into the pitch. Walks into the off side - does it late. the bowler can't adjust. His slower ball in the corridor is slapped to the fine leg boundary.
OUT, got him! Jofra making it talk with his pace! Short of a length ball on off stump and once again he's late on the pull. This time it's angled in at his body so the swinging room is lesser. It hits the bat higher. Buttler skips to his left and tells short fine leg to stay out of his way to put his gloves to good use.
1 run, even quicker, short, he goes back to cut it to deep point.
FOUR runs, just outside off, the batsman drives with hard hands and gets a thick edge just wide of Gayle at slip to see it race to the third-man boundary.
1 run, and it nearly gets him the batsman's wicket. Short, outside leg, cramping him, hitting the sticker on the bat, but there is no man at short square leg to accept this lob.
1 run, full just outside off, and tapped with gentle hands to cover. They scamper across for a single.
1 run, slower ball, the batsman way early into the cover-drive, gets an inside edge to mid-on for one.
FOUR runs, change of angle, no problem. Slaps this length ball over extra cover, raced to the boundary in a jiffy.
1 run, back of a length on leg stump, tucked away to long leg.
SIX runs, launched it over wide long-on! Short of a length and at middle stump again. This time he doesn't defend - makes room instead and takes him on with the pull and nails the connection this time.
1 run, length ball pushed in at middle stump from around the wicket. Plants the front leg across and taps it through the open midwicket region.
SIX runs, got underneath that sufficiently! Lots of flight on that, around off. Hardik clears his front leg and slogs the ball easily over long-on for a massive six.
FOUR runs, fullish, wide outside off but swinging in slightly. But the batsman rocks back onto the backfoot, and punches a drive through the covers! Back-and-across stuff, rare to see these days.
no run, short of a length, hits the bat high as Sharma defends.
FOUR runs, full on off and the batsman puts the run-out behind him with an off drive on the up that races to the fence after beating mid-off.
1 run, down the wicket, drives a short-of-a-length ball to deep cover.
no run, beaten again and this time with swing the other way. A tad short, this outswinger, but it's past his cut.
FOUR runs, bullet tossed up too much, ends up as a half volley outside off and the batsman drills it so hard that deep extra cover can't get to it despite the ball not being too far.
1 run, slower length ball at 123.1ks, the batsman makes a little room and slaps it through cover.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, turned to fine leg.
no run, flat, and he drives it back towards Axar, who dives away to his right and stops this. Excellent stuff from the bowler!.
1 run, slower ball outside off, sliced away with his head falling away, but manages to clear point and retain strike with a single.
1 run, tossed up on middle, the batsman makes room and goes inside out, over extra cover.
no run, full and outside off, googly? sliced to backward point.
no run, crunched into the covers, on the front foot.
FOUR runs, oh good shot. Mid-on is in, strangely. the batsman meets this length ball on the pitch outside off and drills it wide of him.
1 run, full toss, smacked down to long on for a single. Delhi make the playoffs!.
1 run, good length on middle stump. the batsman opens his bat's face and runs it down to third man this time. They walk across for the single.
SIX runs, full ball floated up with a lot of room outside off. Reaches out and slices it over extra cover to find the boundary.
1 run, short and spinning away wide outside off. Reaches out and cuts to sweeper cover.
no run, shortens his length immediately and pushes the ball further across the right-hander. the batsman leaves.
1 leg bye, full and sliding down leg, clips the pad and wanders away behind square.
SIX runs, and another! Brings up his fifty with a slog sweep. Full on middle stump, gets low, and once again the front foot out of the way. Nails this. It's a pity he's not had too many games. He's going to be a big, big player over the next few years.
1 leg bye, dug in short and skidding into the body, the batsman aims a pull and is caught in a tangle. He misses the ball but hares across for the leg bye even as Avesh runs in and swoops down on the ball. The throw from Avesh is so very wide of the stumps at the non-striker's end.
FOUR runs, length on middle, a little shuffle across and out comes the short-arm pull through midwicket for four.
SIX runs, clears long-on. Slogs this high. He's beaten in flight a tad but has enough reach to get it off the middle and just get it over Pandey.
1 run, good length and into leg stump, glanced to deep backward square.
OUT, given out lbw, and the batsman is not using the review. And I think this is missing leg, but I will wait for the replays to prove me wrong. Looks like the skiddy wrong'un from around off, and the sharp quick turn beats him. Umpire Illingworth raises the finger, but the question is: is it turning too much? We will have to wait for the end of the timeout for the answer. Umpire's call on the leg stump.
no run, keeps it well wide of off and the batsman is happy to watch it go through.
no run, good length and swung away outside off, driven on the up to cover.
OUT, gets him! At long last, some individual happiness for the bowler. And it is compounded by the fact that this is his 150th in the IPL. He's been effective for KKR for a long, long time, but it's been tough going tonight. Beats the batsman with a googly again. Gets the top edge on his slog sweep and this time he takes it himself, running backwards.
no run, good length on off stump, and the batsman misses out on the cut. Mistimed towards the off side.
no run, given lbw! And he's reviewed it. No bat did that pitch in line? No it didn't! He'll survive as a result. Length ball. He walks across the stumps and looks to whip it behind square. Struck right in front of middle too. But a good call from him in the end.
1 run, pushes this to wide long-on for one.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, flicked to deep square.
no run, slower ball on middle, the batsman tries to pick it up on the on side but is early into the stroke and struck on the thigh pad.
1 run, full on middle, mistimed slog off the inside half to deep midwicket.
2 runs, offcutter on off, but back of a length. Nudged off his hips to midwicket, and the batsman calls early for the second run.
1 run, back of a length, tapped to point and a jogged single ensues.
no run, flat length ball close to off stump, the batsman stretches out and blocks watchfully.
2 runs, works this length ball on middle and leg towards the man coming in from deep midwicket.
no run, the length is pulled back, and Kohli is tight at short midwicket to prevent the single.
1 run, down the wicket, too close to its pitch, drives this down to long-on for one.
1 run, good length just outside off. the batsman walks across to the off side, and flicks to midwicket. Calls for the run early.
1 run, dabs this gently behind point for a quick single.
1 run, full outside off, driven to extra cover's right. A dive but only parried to long-off.
FOUR runs, slower ball, full on leg stump. Gets to the pitch with a half-stride and merely lifts this over mid-on.
1 wide, bouncer dug in too short and wide outside off. Sails past the bat as he looks to hook.
1 run, tempting and teasing. This is so much fun to watch. 79kph and dipping on a good length. Steps out and drives to long-on.
2 runs, length, and he lofts this ball inside out. Hasn't timed it well enough to find the boundary, and Hardik Pandya gets to it from wide long off.
FOUR runs, you can't keep offering him width like that outside off. It's back of a length, and he simply stands in his crease and flays at it to smoke it over the off-side in-field.
1 run, good length and slow at leg stump. Gets forward and flicks to deep square.
no run, bit down the leg side, it deflect off the pad and goes fine before Pant dives to his left and saves four.
1 run, yorker length on middle, the batsman shapes to go big but adjusts and pushes it to long-on.
SIX runs, again, the error of bowling that full. It's right in the hitting arc, Hardik backs away and goes boom. A straight six over long-on. Very high elbow.
OUT, full, straight and the off stump has been flattened. This one reversed in late to beat the swing. the batsman went for the glory hit but couldn't get under the length. Superb delivery. Outstanding stuff.
no run, length ball on middle, and cramping him for room. Worked off his hips to the leg side.
FOUR runs, nails it to the long-off boundary. All along the ground this time. the bowler's efforts at finding the blockhole goes just a touch awry. And the batsman has room this time - in addition to his tactic of staying so very deep in his crease - to pounce.
SIX runs, nails it and he's up to 99! Kishan has connected one and dragged this wide of long-on so casually! An overpitched ball from the bowler, sliding nicely on as he swipes across the line.
no run, short again, close to off stump, hops up to ride the bounce and defend towards mid-on.
no run, wrong'un, around off, pushed to short cover again.
1 run, backs away and carves to backward point.
3 runs, inswinger angling into him but too straight, and the batsman clips it off his pads to deep square leg. Rashid gives chase and pulls it in just in front of the boundary.
no run, back of a length, slanting away into the fifth-stump channel. Jumps across to dab to backward point.
no run, zips through! Good length on off and skids into the batsman' pads. Impact outside leg though.
1 run, fuller ball, and he drives it down the ground to long on as it tails into him a touch.
FOUR runs, that's a long hop outside off, pulled powerfully through straight midwicket.
1 run, again he keeps denying the batsman the hitting length or the pace to work with. Hit hard but straight down to long-on.
no run, this one goes away, pushed to the man coming in from point.
FOUR runs, length ball, just outside off, but the googly allows the batsman to play a late cut. Placed between keeper and first slip and this races away to the third-man boundary.
1 run, driven down the ground for one.
1 run, tossed on off, pushed to mid-on.
1 run, good length outside off, punched to long-off.
FOUR runs, short of a length outside off, the batsman doesn't entirely get behind the line this time and doesn't middle it. Whipped away off the inside of the bat through square leg.
no run, good length outside off, jabbed back to the bowler.
2 runs, whipped! Full on off, and he drags it to wide long on. Great uses of the wrists to direct it there, but Binny's dive ensures it's not a four. More runs saved by Binny tonight.
2 leg byes, around the wicket comes Thampi, cramping the batsman's attempted heave into the leg side for room. The ball takes a thick edge and bounces down to third man instead.
no run, back of a length and angling away wide outside off from round the stumps, the batsman slashes with all his might, but loses his shape, and only collects fresh air.
FOUR runs, Curran over-runs to his right at long-on. Full and into middle stump, uses the pace and angle into him to pick this up. Curran is headed the right way but that holds its line.
no run, cutter, moving away outside off, the batsman pushes away from the body and watches the ball run past the outside edge.
no run, well bowled, shortened the length around middle and leg, pushed to mid-on.
1 run, slower ball, right in the slot, but he doesn't hit him in the air. Takes a single to long-on.
no run, length outside off, defended into the off side.
2 runs, a tad short, Suryakumar the batsman picks the length early, hurries back and swats a pull into the gap at midwicket for two.
no run, oooh bounce first up. On a length, moving away from Parthiv and bounces almost shoulder high while going past him. Parthiv has a waft at it, but the ball is much above bat.
1 run, a slower ball down leg, worked to deep midwicket. Taking pace off the ball is a good option here.
1 run, short of a length again, into the body, whipped past mid-on for one.
no run, tossed up slower and outside off, non-turner, the batsman stretches out, meets the pitch and drags a sweep past the right of a diving Unadkat at square leg.
SIX runs, picked up over square leg. A full toss at middle stump. Looks like that slipped out. Rohit has the front leg in the air as he hurriedly puts this away. 141kph.
2 runs, Has Tripathi manufactured a run-out here? Singh has got back in by a frame. Pushes this short-of-a-length ball to deep point, Tripathi charges at it from deep cover, picks up one-handed and throws in the same motion. Singh is struggling, but he just about makes it.
no run, fired wide outside off, and the batsman chases it, but misses out on contact. Would have been close to being called a wide, but he gets away with this.
1 run, half-volley on the pads, flicked to fine leg.
1 run, length on leg stump, looks to flick, gets it into the leg side via the thigh guard.
1 run, low full toss just outside off, punched to long-off off the toe-end.
no run, shortish and outside off, run away to point.
1 wide, full and wide outside off. Well deceived by the slower ball, but the umpire thinks it's gone beyond the tram-lines. Adds another run to KKR's total.
OUT, Such fast hands from Dhoni. Kohli and the batsman gone in two overs. the bowler tosses up an offbreak on middle, turns in, the batsman stretches out for a reverse-sweep but still can't meet the pitch of the ball. He sweeps and misses. Dhoni doesn't miss the ball, rides the bounce, and flips the bails off in a flash.
no run, good length on off, coming back in sharply. the batsman wants to tuck it to the onside but it hits his pad and rolls towards the bowler.
1 run, into the pads, and worked away for a single again.
1 run, low full toss on off stump, gets down and paddles it to fine leg's right.
1 run, length, and he shuffles across and flicks this away towards deep backward square leg.
no run, short of a length, tight on off stump, forced into midwicket.
1 run, good line just outside off, helps it to short third man for one.
no run, slider across the batsman, left alone. Drifted away as well.
no run, beaten. Googly, short of a length and wide outside off. Looks to play the late cut and it's past the edge.
no run, on a length, still no turn. It goes with the angle. Hit to square leg again.
to Tom Curran, 1 run, full outside off, 143kph, driven along the floor to sweeper cover. Bottom hand comes off as he does it.
FOUR runs, the right-left combo spawning a few mistakes. Sran strays on the batsman's pads, who deftly turns it to the fine leg boundary. That ball would've been perfect for Dhawan.
1 run, gets on top of the bounce and turns this towards square leg.
1 run, punches this length ball down to mid off for a quick single.
FOUR runs, low full toss just outside off, holds his shape and taps this wide of extra cover.
1 run, strays on the pads again with that inward movement from a length and the batsman whips it to deep square leg.
no run, length outside off, pushed into the covers off the back foot.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, he reaches out and then slaps this to the deep point fence. No chance for the sweeper.
1 run, length ball on middle, and worked off his pads to long on. Tidy start for Sunrisers.
OUT, slapped straight to mid-off! Good length and sliding into middle stump. He backs away to make room and meets this on the up with an angled bat. Possibly looking to go over mid-off but he gets no elevation. Straight into Warner's lap.
no run, quickish length ball on middle and leg, gets his front pad out of the way to defend back to the bowler.
1 run, full on the pads, hit down to long-on. Dhoni comes back for the second, but it may be one run short.
1 run, good length on off stump, defended to point off the front foot.
1 run, short of length at the batsman once again, pulled away towards deep midwicket, a bit of fumble there by Guptill but no extra run.
1 run, slower and fuller on off, eased behind point.
FOUR runs, overpitched on middle at 140.7ks, the batsman stays still and belts it right over Munro's head for an authoritative four.
1 run, good length and googly outside off. Gets deep in the crease and flicked to deep midwicket.
to Finch, 1 run, slower wide length ball, Finch looks to go inside-out but ends up dragging this into his own pad.
1 run, slider from wide of the crease, no room at all, squeezed into the leg side.
1 run, tossed up this time, driven with an open face to sweeper-cover.
no run, short ball well outside off, but the batsman tries to pull it. He is beaten by the slowness of the surface.
1 run, really full on leg stump, tucked away to deep midwicket.
no run, short of a length, on-pace, punched to extra cover.
1 run, full, straight, worked into the leg side for one.
FOUR runs, length outside off, too much width and the batsman throws his hands at it, doesn't get all of it but enough to beat third-man to his left.
1 run, full and just outside off, pushed to long-off.
no run, shows the full face of the bat to ease this back.
1 run, quicker delivery, on middle and angling down the leg. Whipped off his pads to deep backward square.
no run, drives this low full toss to mid-off.
1 leg bye, short of a length, skiddy, beats his attempt to pull. Flies off the thigh pad for a leg-bye.
OUT, inside edge onto middle stump! the bowler rolls the fingers on that and gets him. Short of a length and in the corridor. He's leaning back to try and play the pull shot, but is dragging from too wide outside off on a slow pitch.
1 run, yorker at middle stump, squeezed into the vacant leg side.
1 run, drifting into middle and leg, turned towards the man coming in from midwicket.
FOUR runs, short, but that's first-ball four! Yanks a pull over the fielder at midwicket, and the shot has the legs to reach the boundary.
2 runs, good length at off stump, deep in the crease for a hurried punch to long-off's right. Nice confident call to beat the fielder's throw.
no run, length ball, and he it swings a bit away from him, and he plays this away towards point.
2 runs, shovelled this length ball over the in-field on the legside. Pops in the air and wasn't timed but falls safe.
1 run, full on leg stump, and Yusuf whips it down the ground to wide long-on.
FOUR runs, tossed up on the leg stump, full again, Baz stretches out, uses his reach to meet the pitch and sweep it flat and hard between deep backward square leg and deep midwicket.
2 runs, back of a length, angling into the body, whipped away to the left of deep backward square leg.
1 run, excellent bowling again. The offcutter with the wet ball is a brave ball. To get some cut and flummox the batsman is even more impressive. the batsman is too early into the shot, toe-ended to the keeper.
1 run, Saha and the bowler have convinced Williamson to take the review on this lbw. It's a bat-first-or-pad situation. He's looking to defend this length ball on the front foot and he's caught unaware by the skid it is pad first. But he's managed to just get outside the line. They'll lose the review and the decision stands.
2 runs, good length and turning into the pads. 71.8kph. Slowwww. Dabbed to deep square's right off the back foot.
1 wide, good length, slower ball down leg side. Left alone.
FOUR runs, smashed for four! Full and wide from the bowler, it's not a bad option but it's slow because he's looking for the cutter. With that length, it won't cut. Drilled over cover for four.
1 run, short of a length outside off. Gets deep in the crease and wants to punch through midwicket. Gets it to short fine off the inside edge.
no run, shortish, 149kph and slapped off the back foot, no timing and it trickles to point.
no run, punches straight to extra cover. End of an outstanding spell. 4-0-14-1. Time for a breather as they take the time-out.
1 run, slower ball as the batsman gives him the charge. Pulled to deep midwicket for one.
OUT, the batsman pulls it straight into the lap of deep midwicket. Back of a length, skids in on off, 94.3ks, the batsman skips back and hits it off the bottom of the bat to Mavi who completes a fine overhead catch at the edge of the boundary.
2 runs, full and straight, clipped away off the toes, in front of deep square leg.
no run, length ball on middle, angling into the batsman. Fended away to cover point off the back foot.
no run, squirts this drive to Rashid at cover point.
1 run, short of a length and spinning away outside off. Gets on the back foot and pushes to sweeper cover.
2 runs, dropped by Ashwin running back from mid-off! He moves a little slowly, perhaps because he has to keep track of the ball over his shoulder. Reaches out in desperation and ends up fluffing a mostly straightforward chance. And so the batsman gets a reprieve. Dude plays sweet shots, and then loses his head straight after. Like here, when he looks to take on a good length ball on off stump and lift it over mid-on. Not the shot to play on this pacy pitch.
SIX runs, over cover! That's pure timing. You can slog over the leg side with power. But to hit a six over point, off the front foot, requires a sound base and great hands.
1 run, lovely bowling. the bowler is alert to Parthiv's mischief moving across his crease. And to counter it, he takes all the pace off and drags the line wide outside off. In the end, the left-hander can only flick for a single through square leg.
no run, short and curving away outside off, gets the late cut straight to backward point.
1 run, flat and short of a length, swivels and pulls to deep midwicket.
1 run, length ball at the stumps, dragged into the leg side with a heave.
1 run, full on the pads, clipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, back of a length, leg-stumpish, swatted away to deep backward square leg.
FOUR runs, late cut past the keeper's right! Length ball, wide outside off, and the batsman dabs this to the third-man boundary once again.
no run, good length and slanted into leg stump. Defended to midwicket.
no run, shapes for the slog sweep and then adjusts to gently chop it into the covers. Was down early to try and slog sweep this dipper outside off.
1 run, length ball just outside off, and punched to long on off the back foot. Just a single.
1 run, short of a length, wide, cut away to deep point.
FOUR runs, length, and he gets inside the line of this, and scoops it over short fine leg. One bounce four. More of a swat away, down on one knee!.
no run, gets down for a reverse sweep but it's a full one outside off and he can't make contact as the ball sneaks from underneath.
1 run, swept, and swept well but there is a deep midwicket so they only get a single.
1 run, slower ball, on off, he pushes it to point and takes off for a suicidal run. Sent back, and he gets an overthrow for his efforts.
1 run, full on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, full, straight, pushed to cover. No run.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, chopped to sweeper cover.
1 run, wide on the crease, bowls a wide length ball, driven on the up, gets a single to deep cover.
no run, good length, pitching on off, spinning away, defended into the offside.
1 run, yorker outside off, jammed to extra cover's left.
1 run, short ball just outside off, taps it on the up to cover point. Raina there. Has a shy at the non-striker's stumps, hits it too, and allows them a run off the deflection.
FOUR runs, stays beside the back of a length ball on off stump and lifts it over short third man.
FOUR runs, top edge as he looks to hook. Flies over Dhoni. Sharp short one from the bowler just outside off and he's too late on the shot.
1 run, slower ball on middle, agricultural swing across the line from the batsman earns him a single down to deep squareleg.
no run, full and outside off, swings into the leg side, beaten on the outside edge.
1 run, again short, the batsman rocks back to punch him to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, shovelled to deep midwicket off the back foot.
FOUR runs, Dhawan is hitting the ball harder than he has all IPL. He is looking in excellent touch. This is not a bad ball, but Dhawan punches it on the up, past cover, with immaculate timing.
1 leg bye, a good length delivery, straying down leg. Off the thigh pad down to short fine leg.
FOUR runs, makes room and thrashes this length ball over short cover for four. Actually just short of a length, which allows him to go with a horizontal bat.
1 run, short and outside off, slower ball, the batsman delays his cut and sends the ball to sweeper cover.
no run, flat, back of a length, outside off, chopped towards short third man.
no run, full toss, just outside off, and the batsman tries to thump a drive through the off side. But he's through his shot too late, and the ball goes through into Pant's gloves.
FOUR runs, yep, have to go, have to do something. And so the batsman walks across and pulls a slow, short ball away to the long leg boundary. Really good batting. Targeted the vacant area, so reduced the risk involved.
no run, full on off, comes forward and defends to cover.
1 run, length, and he shuffles across and flicks this away towards deep backward square leg.
1 leg bye, yorker down leg side, thuds the pads as he looks to flick.
1 run, regulation legbreak, short of a length, punched down to long-off for one.
no run, full and wide outside off, left alone.
no run, bouncer climbs over his right shoulder. Nice height on that. Too steep for the batsman to try and hook.
no run, good length and turning away outside off, past the jab.
1 wide, looks for the wide yorker, goes too wide.
1 run, slower ball at a length on leg stump, nudged straight to short fine.
1 run, another slower short ball, rib-high, pulled to deep square for one.
OUT, taken by long-on running to his left! Krunal Pandya. Full ball outside off. Gets deep in the crease and lofts it straight over the bowler. Krunal seems to have over-run it to his left but just manages to get his hands in order. Almost looks like he ran chest-first into a floating ball. Takes a tumble and keeps the balance.
no run, dabs this gently to point.
OUT, off stump out of the ground! Full at off stump, the batsman eyes up a slog sweep, held back enough to defeat the stroke and it turned. Nicely bowled. Much needed for KKR.
1 run, lobbed up and tapped into a gap.
1 run, dropped at midwicket. Gaikwad to his right. Full ball on leg stump, flicked aerially and it seems Gaikwad's jumped up a little too soon and only manages to push it out towards long-on.
1 run, just short of long-on running in. Slower ball at a good length, just outside off. Wants to loft it over midwicket, presumably. Archer can't reach it.
no run, lovely slower ball. Legcutter at 122ks, bouncing extra from short of a lenght as the batsman looks to make room to pull. The top edge falls wide of the bowler.
no run, eased with the spin to short third man. Top over.
no run, short ball, a bit slower too, and the batsman looks to drive this through covers, but the ball never really arrives. Bounces a couple of times on the way to de Kock.
2 runs, full, on the pads, swept away fine for a couple.
1 leg bye, length ball on leg stump, backs away and gets followed down leg side. Looks to flick it uppishly but can't get bat on it.
no run, length on off stump, punched to extra cover.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, punched to long-on's right off the back foot.
1 run, good length on middle and off, pushed to cover.
no run, length outside off, the batsman actually lets it through to the keeper.
1 run, quicker, flatter, pulled away to deep square for one.
1 run, slower ball, middle and leg, worked into the leg side, there is a mix-up between the runners as they look for two but Rabada doesn't make a clean pick-up running in from deep midwicket.
no run, a touch slower on middle stump. Presses forward to defend and the ball turns less than expected. Rolls off the inside half of the bat to the left of midwicket.
FOUR runs, oh nicely adjusted. Full and into leg stump. Looks like he was into that a bit early, but he continued to offer the full face and then used his wrists to place that perfectly to short midwicket's left.
no run, short of length angling across the batsman who bails out.
1 run, full and just outside off, wants to crunch that wide of mid-off but it's off the toe-end to the fielder.
no run, a slower delivery around off, defended with the full face of the bat.
1 run, skidding in on middle, inside-edged away behind square.
SIX runs, over wide long on! Flighted on middle and leg, but the batsman comfortably gets his front leg out of the way and then thumps it towards the leg side. Too slow from the bowler, which gives the batsman that extra second.
1 run, shuffles across off, and sweeps to deep square leg.
1 run, Another misfield. Down the track and he bowls it quick and angling into the batsman. Drives it back towards him, and he lets it slip through his fingers and roll towards long-off.
1 run, full and wide, driven to deep cover for one.
FOUR runs, just over short third man! A googly outside off, the batsman stays low and reverse-paddles the ball over the fielder's head at third man. Juust enough elevation.
2 runs, full outside off, Hardik was already making room so has to reach for it with his hands, almost over balances as he does so but manages to clear extra cover.
1 run, 146 kph length ball on the stumps, the batsman stays beside it and steers to point.
SIX runs, walks into the leg side and swipes him over deep square. Took some steps early and made Washington think. It's a full ball at middle stump, nice angle towards the leg side too and the batsman goes down on a knee and lofts this.
1 run, full on middle stump, shuffles and flicks to deep square.
1 run, another slower ball, down leg, worked away to deep midwicket. Very tidy over from Hardik.
1 run, full ball, straight, and he whips this away wide of long on. There should have been an easy two, but Universe Boss wants the strike, and turns down the second .
no run, sweet timing to a length ball outside off, but hit too sweetly to take a single to mid-off.
1 run, stays back to bunt a slow length ball to long-on for one.
2 runs, full ball, just outside off, drilled wide of sweeper cover for two.
no run, full on middle, pushed to midwicket.
FOUR runs, full outside off, and the batsman manages to get underneath this! Lifted over extra cover off the bat's sweet spot. The oomph!.
no run, legcutter, wide outside off. Takes the pace off the delivery and QDK can't connect with the leg-side slap towards midwicket. Through to Kishan on the bounce.
1 run, short and sitting up nicely on off, pulled to deep midwicket.
2 runs, gets the yorker wrong, but it is a straight full toss that cramps him up. The mis-hit doesn't carry to square leg boundary rider, and they come back for two.
nan
FOUR runs, poor start from the bowler. Full and on the pads, the batsman just waits on that and turns it fine.
no run, oh sees a length-ball legbreak and goes for the slog-sweep. Beaten by the turn.
1 run, length at middle, mistimed punch to long-on.
no run, full delivery just outside off, misses the sweep this time, good reply from the bowler.
1 run, fuller around off, goes back and cuts it towards deep point, only a single.
2 runs, length on off stump, opens the face and slices to sweeper's left.
no run, appeal for lbw as the batsman misses a heave, this was sliding down leg.
1 run, flat and quick outside off, pushed to cover for one. Good single, good awareness from the batsman.
1 run, taps it down towards long-on for the single.
1 run, once again cramped for room as he jabs this towards midwicket. Got it on the top part of the bat.
SIX runs, lofted over mid-off. the bowler goes full and outside off and he's set up deep in the crease on an off stump line. Then gets a bit of a stride out and a clean loft.
no run, a swish across the line, half an appeal for lbw but clearly outside the line.
no run, edged, but just short of Lynn at gully.
FOUR runs, this is just lovely batting. He has picked his spot beautifully. Third man and point are up, but the cover is pretty straight. the bowler goes short of a length, and he makes room to hit this square on the off side. Beats deep cover.
1 wide, losing his line here, Avesh. Good length on leg stump, and going down. the batsman's happy to collect the extra run for his team.
SIX runs, short, and he has lofted this off the back foot towards wide long on. Terrific bit of timing there!.
FOUR runs, oh lovely. Leans in as he caresses this through the covers. Length ball just outside off and the weight transfer through this is what gets him the runs.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length just outside off. Opens the face and gets this straight to short third.
no run, length ball wide outside off, backs away and chucks his hands at it to be beaten. Made too much room.
1 run, bunts this wide of the keeper as they scamper a quick single. Very risky.
no run, shuffling across again, and Curran is winning this battle by keeping the ball away from the batsman. This short ball has tennis-ball bounce, and sails over his attempted cut. Excellent start for CSK.
no run, nice and full on off, pushed into the covers.
FOUR runs, length on off, Rohit comes down the wicket and drags it to the on side, doesn't get the desired timing but beats long-on to his right.
1 run, excellent change of pace, slower and fuller outside off, the batsman looks to flat bat this over cover but gets a thick inside edge towards the keeper.
no run, slower ball foxes him. It's just outside off, tempting him for the drive on the up. Gets an inside edge that rolls back to the bowler.
1 run, length on leg stump, nudged into the open midwicket region off the front foot.
no run, another leave outside off as the bowler gets nice shape away from him after pitching.
no run, half-tracker on off, but cramps the batsman for space. Defended back to the bowler.
1 run, inside-edges a back-foot punch to short fine leg.
FOUR runs, paddled wide of the keeper. Slower length ball on middle, he got outside the line and helped it along the way.
1 run, length, spins away outside off, whipped to long-on.
2 runs, shortish and outside off, he cuts through point. Bad bounce makes the fielder look silly.
no run, slower offcutter, 116ks, short of a length, and the turn beats him as he looks to open the face.
2 runs, good length on off, and angling away from the batsman. He tries to slog it over cover, but sliced over the infield. Lands in no man's land.
FOUR runs, that's the win. A bouncer wide outside off, he looks to hook, it's too big on him. Top edge over the keeper.
1 run, steps down, making room, but the bowler does well again, bowling short and angling it into the gut of the batsman, who loses his shape and swings blindly, mis-hitting the ball to deep square leg.
1 run, good length on off stump, driven to long-off with the turn.
OUT, got him! Ankit the bowler does not like simple endings! He's keeping Kings XI alive. A length ball that nips away marginally to beat a very nervous-looking forward defence from the batsman - he's inside the line. The top of off stump is tonked and suddenly CSK will feel the nerves!.
no run, down the wicket, beaten this time by a slower ball that squeezes under his bat.
1 run, hit powerfully down to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, full outside off and crunched through the covers. That wasn't a bad ball at all but there isn't much you can do when a batsman can hit the ball so sweetly on the rise.
2 runs, spanked with more power down to long-on, and this time it's intercepted.
SIX runs, short-arm pull. the bowler bowls a short ball that doesn't have much sting in it. the batsman stands tall, and picks it up over square leg.
1 run, slower length ball outside off, the batsman walks across and paddles but straight to short fine leg. Just a single.
no run, wrong'un outside off. the batsman seems to be shaping up for the big slog, but has to abort as he reads this off the pitch.
no run, drift into the pads, Dube plays this to short straight midwicket.
1 run, full and darted in on middle, nudged to midwicket for one more.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, hit hard to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, short of length outside off, waits on the back foot and slaps it through extra cover, beating the man in the deep as well.
no run, wide length ball, left alone. It holds its line.
FOUR runs, stunning! A back foot punch after forcing the bowler to bowl short with the sweep last ball. It's on middle stump and he's promptly back in the crease - right back - to get this between deep midwicket and long-on.
2 runs, frustration from the batsman but the top edge falls safe. Long-on runs to his left, deep square runs to his right, midwicket runs back, but none of the three can make it to the ball.
1 run, length around off, backs away and steers it towards short third man.
1 run, flatter outside off, Parthiv stays back and steers it towards short third man.
FOUR runs, around the wicket and it doesn't work! It just doesn't work! the batsman is batting on another level. He sees the length earlier than he should. He can only see the gaps. And so his backing away and cutting the ball between point and short third man is academic really.
1 run, surprises the batsman with a banged-in slower ball on off stump. the batsman, almost coming down the track, has to stop and then adjust to the lack of pace and then chop it through point.
no run, full inswinger at off stump, driven to mid-off.
1 run, and again, a big shuffle across from the batsman to try and work it from outside off. Only manages an inside edge into his pad.
no run, it's the slower ball - but it's also in the blockhole. the batsman digs out the 122 kph delivery to mid-off.
no run, yorker, 151kph, right at off stump. Superb. Yusuf does well to get bat on it.
no run, driven firmly, but straight back to Moeen, who stops the ball to complete an outstanding spell. 4-0-18-2.
1 run, full at off stump, driven down to long-on.
1 run, back of a length, coming into him and cramps the batsman for room, who was backing away. He jabs it towards point for a quick single.
1 run, length outside off, drives on the up to long-off.
2 runs, slower and fuller outside off, eased down to third man to get off the mark. There's an overthrow as well from Archer, so they get the extra run.
no run, slower ball wide of off, he runs this to short third man but can't beat the fielder.
no run, full and wide outside off, past the batsman's swinging arc, he reaches out, loses his shape, swings and misses.
1 run, good length at leg stump, punched to mid-on.
1 run, flatter, on a length, driven to long-off for one.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut straight to extra cover.
FOUR runs, catching height but this is a blistering pull and wide of the diving midwicket. This is a powerful pull from well outside off as the bowler pitches short.
no run, length outside off, driven with the turn to extra cover.
no run, beaten on the outside edge. Short of a length slower ball dug into the pitch. Wants to lift that over mid-off but it grips and gets big on him.
1 run, length at the stumps, whipped to deep square.
SIX runs, goes for the wide yorker, ends up bowling a full toss, and he smashes this for a flat six over long-off.
no run, and the pressure tells, he's strayed down leg side. Escapes the wide because it clips the pads with the batsman trying to get another four to fine leg.
1 run, down the track and he spots him and shortens the length, but still too much room and the batsman slaps it to deep cover.
FOUR runs, that's vintage!! the batsman in his prime used to cut fast bowlers just like this. Clearing the front leg and lashing it over point. Devil-may care.
2 runs, full just outside off, and nudged off the front foot towards cow corner. Hit gently enough, and that allows them the second run.
no run, raps his pad with a regular paced full ball. It's pitched outside leg. the batsman cross with himself after missing on the flick.
no run, full outside off, nice stride forward and defended to cover-point.
no run, flat length ball wide of off stump. the batsman goes for the hard sweep and misses.
1 run, makes room and lofts this inside-out to long-off.
2 runs, nearly a yorker, but eventually a low full toss. Flicked with the bat's closed face to wide long on.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. Short of a length, pretty straight, but the angle gives him just that little bit of width to guide this between short third and point. Replay of how he welcomed Bumrah to the crease.
1 run, short of a length at middle stump, punched aerially off the back foot to long-on's left.
1 run, full toss, middle and leg, pushed towards wide mid-off for one.
2 runs, looks to mow this across the line but gets a thick inside edge towards deep midwicket.
1 run, good length outside off, steps out and slaps it on the rise to sweeper's right.
3 runs, good length just outside off, walks into it as it slants across the corridor and clips it through midwicket off the inside half of the bat. Rahane calls confidently for the third.
no run, banged in short outside off, Dhawan looks to ramp this over the keeper but misses.
no run, length ball, angling across, punched straight to extra cover.
SIX runs, hoicked over the square leg boundary! Hangs deep in the crease, waits for the length ball angled into him. Then swishes from from under that, a complete closing of the bat's face. To the point that the bat face is facing the bowler after a full rotation after he completes this shot.
no run, backs away to the on side, and the bowler fires it outside off, and he can only cut this away towards short cover.
no run, short of a good length and just outside off. Punched forcefully off the back foot but can't get it past backward point to his right.
1 run, full and wide, he plays a cracking square drive straight to deep point.
no run, beaten. Some natural variation from the surface. the bowler's offcutter holds it's line outside off and goes past the bat as the batsman looks to slap this over midwicket.
no run, thick edge to backward point. Googly, thrown out wide outside off. Looks to drive but isn't to the pitch.
2 runs, sliced over point. Length ball wide outside off and he opens the face to try and clear the covers off the front foot.
no run, gets half a stride in and defends this back towards the bowler.
OUT, that's a ridiculous take from Pandey! Length ball outside off, and the batsman tries to clatter this over cover off the back foot. Takes the bat's splice, and goes into the air. Pandey gets under it at cover, and dives forward to take the catch. He takes the catch while his body hits the ground, but the ball pops out of his hands for a moment. Lucky for Pandey, the ball got stuck between his fingers and his chin, and the Sunrisers players rush around him to celebrate the big wicket.
FOUR runs, full and flat, angling onto the pads, and the batsman tickles it away fine, quickly past the right hand of the diving short fine leg fielder, Gayle.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, punched wide of mid-off for one.
1 run, round the wicket, full and straight, pushed to long-on.
1 run, full on off stump, he's been very conscious about denying the batsmen elevation. Driven down to long-off.
1 run, short of a length on middle stump, pushed towards long-on off the back foot.
1 run, tossed on off, driven down to long-off.
no run, full outside off, left alone and zips through to the keeper at 146kph.
1 run, short of a length and in at off stump, opens the face, arches into the leg side and runs this down to third man.
no run, beaten. Unplayable right now. Googly goes high enough in the air before landing that the batsman expects it to bounce as it goes past him. Brings out the late cut but is well beaten.
OUT, appeal for catch behind and it's given! the batsman is taken down leg side by Goswami. Good length ball rises inwards as the batsman walks down at it outside off. he likes doing that to open up the leg side, but this gets big on him. It gets his glove, his thigh, and then Goswami lunges to take that to his left. the batsman was walking.
no run, big lbw shout but the height has saved him. This swings back in from a length, and the batsman swings without his feet moving. Hit in front but high on the pad.
1 run, good length and angled across the corridor, onto the back foot and dabs it past slip.
1 wide, sprays this full and wide, he backs away to go over the off side but can't reach this one.
no run, full on off, and tapped back past the non-striker to long on. Well fielded by Morris charging in.
no run, slower bouncer outside off and the batsman jumping back and across, is stuck somewhere between pulling and jabbing down in defence as the ball bounces loopily and slowly at him. Ends up not making any kind of contact.
no run, a length delivery on middle and leg, nudged to midwicket. Another cutter.
no run, good length and sliding outside off, beaten on the slash.
no run, good comeback! Flight and drift outside off, and as the batsman tries to defend, the ball turns away from his bat.
FOUR runs, oh my word, that's a super shot! In the blockhole, angling into off stump, and the batsman goes deep in his crease with his back foot to create a tiny bit of swinging room, and brings out a bottom-hand shovel over mid-on.
1 run, full just outside off, and he takes a big stride forward to paddle this fine down the leg side.
no run, slower ball, on a length, outside off, punched to backward point.
no run, length ball on middle and leg, tucked away towards short midwicket, Kohli makes a tumbling stop.
SIX runs, into the boundary padding at long-off. they're checking it it's on the pull. Short of a length ball outside off. Sliced over mid-off again and it's deemed to have hit the padding on the full.
FOUR runs, fuller on middle and leg, goes for the reverse sweep and hits it over backward point for four.
no run, short of a length just outside off, gets on his toes and taps it to point.
no run, slid into the pads, misses the flick.
no run, slower ball, angled in, the batsman backs away and has an ugly swing, doesn't make any contact.
1 run, wrong 'un again, down the leg side, and he swings this around to the long leg region.
1 run, slower good length ball at middle, flicked to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, length ball on the stumps, Surya goes down and scoops it over the keeper's head for a boundary.
no run, really full, just outside off, driven with an open face, but can't beat the man at point in the circle.
1 run, floats up a fuller one outside off and he drives down to long-off.
FOUR runs, Iyer drops it at deep midwicket! Short ball into the body, a tired aerial pull. Floated to Iyer's left and he has the reverse cups up and almost no balance as this digs into the turf and lifts over the line.
1 run, carrom ball, full, clipped off the toes for one.
no run, shortish close to off stump, no real room to free his arms for the pull, hits it to square leg without a great deal of power.
FOUR runs, 149.3ks, is Sran that quick? He runs in from over the wicket and digs a chest-high short ball on off, rushes the batsman into a hook. Top edge sails over short third man.
no run, yorker, middle and leg, 137ks, dug out to short midwicket.
FOUR runs, oh smoothly lofted over mid-off. Overpitched and wide outside off, just goes with the angle, uses the pace, and connects perfectly on this drive.
SIX runs, 'oh wow', goes Simon Doull on commentary! Doesn't matter that Gayle just fell. Full on middle, and he clips this nonchalantly over to the leg-side stand.
1 run, worked into the unmanned 30-yard circle on the leg side for a single.
no run, length ball outside off, but spinning into the batsman. Stands tall and slaps it off the front foot. But straight to cover.
1 run, length, and he drives this towards the sweeper cover fielder.
SIX runs, full on middle, and that's been lifted over long on! Leans into this, and times it beautifully over the fielder on the boundary.
no run, length outside off, punched to cover-point.
1 run, low full toss just outside off, shuffles and punches to long-on to level the scores.
1 run, short of a length into the pads. Nudges to fine leg with the angle.
1 run, lifter on middle from round the stumps, spliced over midwicket.
no run, bouncer on middle, 142ks, flies past the hook.
FOUR runs, the batsman hits a hat-trick of boundaries. the bowler loses his line, length, and his head. Back of a length and sprayed wide outside off, swatted across the line to the midwicket boundary.
SIX runs, short and outside off, the batsman clears his front leg and skies a pull. Hales moves in as opposed to hanging at the edge of the boundary. the batsman clears Hales and lifts the ball into Sunrisers' dug out.
1 wide, angles across a length ball, and squirts it too wide of the tramlines.
2 runs, full loopy slower ball outside off, driven to extra cover's left. Through that fielder's dive.
1 run, shin-high full toss around middle and off, the batsman goes too hard at a punch and ends up mistiming it to mid-on.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to long-off.
2 wide, slower ball outside off and it's too wide for even the keeper to collect it cleanly. Died on de Kock a little, as well.
1 run, slower ball, dug in short of a good length. Dragged with a front foot pull to deep midwicket.
2 runs, yorker, another slower ball, no pace for the batsman to work with, though he waits for it and drills it down the ground. Long-on runs around and fields.
2 runs, on a length, pretty straight, puts this in a hole on the leg side and comes back for two.
no run, slow turn from length on off stump, the batsman defends. Took his bottom hand off the grip.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, punched into the covers.
no run, no hat trick for the bowler, but the batsman is nonetheless beaten by a full one that zips past his flailing bat outside off.
SIX runs, golf swing. This is a great day at the cricket. Nine off nine now. Amid this euphoria, this is pretty abysmal death bowling, I am sorry. Length ball, in the slot, on pace, and the batsman ain't no Uthappa to be chipping it sweetly.
1 run, punches this length delivery to cover.
no run, excellent delivery. Trying to swing this away, but it goes pretty straight in the air, pitches on a length on middle and leg, and then leaves him to beat the bat.
SIX runs, that's six more! This is an unbelievable innings from the SRH captain. A poor delivery - leg-side fuller one from the leggie, and the batsman gets down on one knee and carts it over deep square leg.
1 run, short of a good length, in at middle stump. Delicately pushed into vacant midwicket.
no run, good length on leg stump, hard hands on the push down the wicket.
no run, slower ball outside off, never arrives as the batsman makes room to blast it through the off side and gets an outside edge on the bounce to the keeper.
no run, full, just outside off, and defended back to the bowler.
no run, low full toss wide outside off, driven firmly but straight to extra cover.
no run, good length outside off, defended solidly on the front foot.
no run, short of a length at off stump, defended off the back foot.
no run, slower ball angling away, he looked to pull but missed.
1 run, offcutter, short of a length and just outside off. Tapped to long-on with soft hands but quick work from the man down there prevents that.
2 runs, short and wide outside off, waits on it and cuts to sweeper's right on the longer side.
FOUR runs, stands tall and wallops this behind point. Too short, the batsman picked the length early.
no run, good length and some shape away in the corridor, defended off the front foot.
no run, hangs the bat out to a wide back of a length delivery and gets beaten.
no run, 132 kph, sticks with the shorter length. A decent bouncer. the batsman gets underneath that.
no run, short and just outside off, cut straight to backward point.
1 run, down on his knees to ramp him, gets bat on it, but there isn't enough pace on the ball to get him more than one.
no run, flatter, straighter, and he defends this back to Pandya.
2 runs, slower ball at a length on leg stump. Allows it to come on and tickles it fine.
no run, good length and turning into leg stump, pulled on the bounce to midwicket.
2 runs, tossed up outside off, driven in the air but past the outstretched right hand of Rashid.
no run, short, quick, the batsman looks to make room and hit it down the ground. Mis-hits it back to the bowler.
no run, slower ball, full outside off, driven to mid-off.
1 run, full on leg stump, flicked to short fine's left.
1 run, squeezes this square drive to Narine at square third man. Just raced to him.
1 run, goes back to a length ball, and pushes this with the turn away from him towards long off.
FOUR runs, full toss on off, but Kishan backs away towards the leg side and check-drives over cover! Off the bat's sweet spot and one-bounce and into the extra-cover boundary.
FOUR runs, pushed through outside off, the batsman opens the face and guides it to the right of Gayle at short third man.
no run, good length just outside off, tapped towards mid-off on the up.
1 run, tosses it up on leg stump, the batsman turns it behind square leg.
no run, good length at middle stump, driven on the rise to extra cover.
no run, pins the pad with a length ball. the batsman simply swipes across the line and makes no contact.
no run, 90kph, length at off stump, watchfully defended into the covers. That one straigthened, the first that he's turned so far.
FOUR runs, drops short and the batsman dispatches that. Rocked back, opened up the off side and cut this through wide mid-off. Solid power.
1 run, hangs back against the short ball on leg stump and pats it down to long-on.
no run, length, outside off, and he carresses this towards cover, but cannot beat the man stationed there.
1 run, full ball, on the pads, and he whips it off his pads towards deep backward square leg.
1 leg bye, short of a length and skidding low in the corridor again. Looks to pull again and cops that on the raised front pad.
1 run, rocks back and slices the shortish delivery outside off to deep point.
1 run, short of a length, opens the face, gets a single past point.
1 run, flat-bats this to long-off.
1 run, full on the pads, flicked to deep square leg.
no run, gets the shortish ball on middle to straighten enough that Moeen gets a leading edge trying to flick through midwicket.
1 run, full on off, and spinning away from the batsman. Drilled down the ground to long off.
no run, googly, spins sharply wide of off, he elects not to play as it spun sharply away from him.
1 run, quicker one on the pads, pushes it towards midwicket.
FOUR runs, slugged over the leg side! Faf read the length on this early, and was ready and waiting in position when the ball arrived, pulling hard and in the air off the front foot.
SIX runs, clears long-on comfortably. Good length ball at middle stump, steps out and meets it right at the pitch and sends it cleanly over the fiedler. 94 metres.
no run, good length and shaped away from off stump, thick outside edge to backward point as he looks to drive on the rise.
1 run, yorker on off, squeezed away to long-on and they all they get is one.
1 run, short of a length, the batsman gets inside the line and helps it along to long leg for one.
no run, an iffy little push to a wide length ball with no foot movement. Beaten on the outside edge.
1 run, good length on middle, and he swivels to whip it towards square leg.
1 run, flat and wide outside off, 96 kph, very quick through the air. Hit to long-off.
SIX runs, the batsman finally gets spin, and he unleashes. Not quite to the pitch of the ball, which is why he ends up dragging it to midwicket, but gets a good enough connection.
1 run, shortish and outside off, chopped away to backward point.
no run, much wider line, just inside the lines, and the batsman misses out on a flat-footed wallop through the covers.
FOUR runs, darted full on middle, 103.4ks, backs away outside leg and hammers it through the covers for back-to-back boundaries. Laced to the boundary.
no run, back of a length down leg, off the pad into the off side. There's an optimistic appeal, pitched well outside leg? It pitched in line, but umpire's call on clipping leg.
FOUR runs, advances down the ground and heaves this after meeting the pitch through midwicket. Rashid sprints to his left from deep square leg but is a tad late in putting in the dive.
1 run, slower ball, offcutter on middle stump. the batsman takes one hand off the bat's handle, and works it towards the leg side.
SIX runs, smoked over square leg! That is some connection. Short of a length at off stump, not a lot of time to move his feet there, but the bat swing across the line is sweet on this pull shot. Rapid hands. It's into the second tier too, 100 metres according to the broadcaster.
SIX runs, upper cut! Bouncer, wide outside off. Third man is in, no risk in even attempting that shot.
1 run, short of a length, he throws his bat at it, gets an inside edge onto the pad.
no run, gets forward to block the flighted delivery outside off.
1 run, full and straight, driven to long-on for one.
no run, good length and swung into off stump, defended solidly on the back foot.
1 run, full and just outside off, steps out and drives to extra cover.
no run, tossed up at off stump, shapes to sweep, adjusts to hurriedly drive to point.
no run, length outside off, punched to extra cover.
1 run, driven through the line to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, swept again and this time aerially. Good length at leg stump, down early and goes with the spin and over square leg.
1 run, full toss at leg stump, patted out to mid-on.
1 run, full, just outside off, driven to long-off for one.
1 run, slower ball at off stump, punched on the up to long-off.
no run, beaten outside off! the bowler has been seaming the ball back in, but this length delivery holds its line outside off to beat the outside edge.
no run, length on off, shapes back in nicely and through between bat and pad.
2 runs, slices this full toss towards deep point.
no run, short and wide outside off, he's beaten on the cut.
3 runs, leg stump ball at a length. On the front foot this time as he taps it fine on its head. Long leg has a lot of running to his right before putting in the slide.
no run, full ball outside off, driven gently to mid-off.
no run, hits the hard lengths at 144.8kph, the batsman is cramped for room and defends back.
1 wide, good length and fired down leg. the batsman arches to let that go.
1 run, length ball, goes back into him with the angle, cramps him for room, and he can only get it down towards long off.
FOUR runs, shovels this into the gap at midwicket. Picked the length early, excellent anticipation.
1 run, length, angles across him, and he runs this down to third man.
FOUR runs, deft! Best of both words from the batsman. It was full outside off, but the batsman uses the depth of the crease to bring out the late cut. Goes between point and short third man.
no run, and expecting a googly, the batsman goes for a revere sweep first up. Beaten.
OUT, Umesh is just too quick for the batsman Singh. Pretty full and speared in from around the wicket, rushes the batsman for pace. He storms through the gate and knocks out the middle stump. Umesh celebrates the wicket with an animated fist pump.
2 runs, walks across the stumps and caresses this drive to wide long-off, back comfortably for the second.
SIX runs, that is a bit of Jayasuriya. A length ball, wide outside off, and he stays back to cut this over point. All the way for six. And this man is way taller than Jayasuriya.
FOUR runs, slower ball outside off, makes the batsman reach for it and he obliges, getting enough bat on it to slice it behind point for four.
1 run, again extra bounce from just short of a length, but he gets a single to mid-off this time.
1 run, back of a length on middle, and pulled off the back foot to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower ball, and he plays it towards third man.
1 run, length on off stump, driven to extra cover on the front foot.
1 run, bounce from length on off stump, worked against the line to square leg.
no run, flat start, on off. No flight. Worked to midwicket with the spin.
1 leg bye, length ball on leg stump, deflected into the leg side as he looks to flick off the front foot.
1 run, slower offcutter, no room, the batsman opens the face, gets a single.
1 run, full on leg stump, driven down to long-on.
no run, tossed up, angling away from off stump, gets on the front foot to defend into the covers.
2 runs, slower ball to start off with. Du Plessis manages to loft it wide of deep cover, comes back for two.
FOUR runs, wallops it to the point boundary, backing away against a short ball intending to cramp him. Sensational hitting, bounces only inches short of the rope.
1 run, back of a length on off, jabbed to point.
FOUR runs, and the batsman whacks it back, over the wicket at the other end. Short slower one outside off, and he clears his front leg and absolutely hammers it back, forcing the umpire to duck hurriedly.
1 run, the batsman works a flat dart from the bowler into the leg side, long on keeping them to one.
no run, beaten by a googly. Length outside off, leans in and pokes on the front foot. Fizzes past the blade.
1 run, short on off, and the batsman mistimes his pull. It's in the air for ages, but the ball lands between deep midwicket and long on. the bowler's not happy. I think he had started celebrating as soon as the ball went in the air .
no run, short, angles away and gets big, tries to get on top and slashes at it but the bounce is too steep.
2 runs, short and skidding on at leg stump, punched to deep midwicket's right.
1 run, short and spinning away, cut to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, lofts that straight. One of his go-to shots when spinners attack his stumps and he's good at it. Right to the pitch, a clean swing to send that 89 metres.
SIX runs, back of a length on off, the batsman pumps it in the air, hits it straight of Uthappa at long-on. First-ball six for him.
1 leg bye, pushes it through on leg stump, the batsman looks to pull it away but makes contact with only thigh pad.
no run, just short of the bowler. Full and into off again. Aerial drive again as he checks this. the bowler dives forward in the follow through but it's died on him early.
SIX runs, short on off stump, only gets up to hip height, and the batsman will punish those all day. Opens up at the hips and swats it over the forward square leg boundary.
1 run, de Grandhomme saves a certain four! Great sliding effort at long off. The full ball was crunched past the bowler, but his fellow New Zealander saves RCB three.
SIX runs, he's belted this up and over the long-on boundary. Was always looking to hit straight and made clean connection.
1 wide, goes towards the off stump and the bowler strays down leg for a wide.
no run, slower and shorter outside off, chopped to cover.
1 run, full and sliding into leg stump, this non-turner is swept between short fine leg and square leg.
1 run, down the track and toe-ends a full-toss to cover.
1 run, wide, length outside off, and cut of the back foot to the man in the deep. Just a single for the batsman.
no run, stays in the crease this time and punches nicely to find point. Short of a length in the corridor this time, no movement.
1 wide, short, pitches outside leg stump, and it's way too high.
FOUR runs, short and angled down leg side. Waits on it and caresses this with a pull, to fine leg's right. Desperate slide to the right from Pattinson after an intense sprint. Gets a hand but can't stop that rolling into the boundary.
no run, fuller, swinging away from around off, beats his defensive push.
no run, fuller around off this time, and the batsman once again smashes it with all the power only to find Gurkeerat's bat at the other end, the bat comes off his hands.
FOUR runs, length outside off, stays back and forces it over extra cover to end the over with another four. Twenty-two off that over and KKR are off to a flyer.
1 run, length, slower, as it angles across him, and he drives this towards backward point.
no run, slower ball again, short of a length, angling in towards off, hit back to the bowler.
1 run, OUT, the batsman runs on the misfield, and has been run out. Tries the big loft down the ground, goes off the inside half of the bat to long-on. Suryakumar Yadav gets a bad bounce and a wobble, the batsman thinks that is enough for the second, but the thing is, the ball still rests with him and doesn't go too far. Which is probably why Dhawan doesn't come. And rightly so because the batsman has taken just four steps, and still can't make it back in time.
no run, beaten as he looks to carve one over point. It's a short of a length ball with some width, but it's also an offcutter that he doesn't pick.
1 run, short, angling into off stump, steps across and hooks to the left of fine leg.
no run, length ball, outside off stump, but swaying away from him this time. Left alone once more. Nice carry through to Pant.
SIX runs, uses his feet to get to a length ball, comes down the wicket and to his right, and lofts this over deep midwicket. Proper the batsman feels to that shot!.
SIX runs, that's an even better shot. the batsman's turning it around here. Still giving SRH some hope. Gets on top of this fuller one and mows it over cow corner.
3 runs, another top edge and dropped! the batsman went for the conventional sweep, got the top edge and it carried all the way to Harry Gurney at fine-leg and he did not even get a hand to it by the look of it.
2 runs, length ball skidded in at off stump. Stays put, makes some room and guides it to third man.
2 runs, squeezed past point but sweeper cover dives to the right to stop this. Yorker following him down leg side but he manages to time this chop with an open face.
1 run, back of a length and running away outside off again, the batsman angles it down to a floating slip and secures a quick single.
SIX runs, down on one knee as he sweeps this short ball over deep square leg. the bowler has lost his lengths, not sure how much of that is because of his bowling hand.
no run, just short of midwicket. Full and drifted into leg stump, flicked uppishly.
no run, full on off, and turns away from the batsman. He defends down the wrong line, and MSD whips the bails off. Stumped? Naw, his back leg was always down.
1 run, uses the pace to help this down to third man.
1 leg bye, skidding into the pads, deflected away to the leg side.
1 run, length ball angling into off stump, the batsman presses forward for a straight-bat push to mid-on.
no run, reverse sweeps it straight to short third man, quiet end to the over with three dots.
SIX runs, flat, short of a length, outside off, and he stands tall to hit it over extra cover for a flat six.
1 wide, shaping into the right-hander, but just a bit too much! Back of a length on middle, but angling down the leg side.
2 runs, overpitched outside off, drilled firmly past the non-striker and they steal a second to Warner's left at long-off.
1 wide, good length and down leg side.
no run, short of a length around off, punched to short cover.
1 run, good length and just outside off, runs it to third man with the angle.
2 runs, on a length, angling in, pushed wide of long-on. Easy two.
1 run, good length, just outside off. Punched off the front foot to deep extra cover. Dhawan the man there.
2 runs, short of a length on middle, gets deep in the crease and taps this fine on its head. Long leg has a long way to run to his right.
1 run, full outswinger, driven down to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, lifted over short fine. Good length and climbing into leg stump. Stays tall and flicks from under it.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to sweeper cover.
no run, short, and he cuts this but cannot beat point.
(no ball) 1 run, oh, dear. Oversteps as he bowls this full delivery that is defended back. Huge roar around the ground as the umpire calls it a  freehit .
1 run, low full toss on middle and leg, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 run, full outside off, pushes to deep cover.
1 run, full outside off, pushed to long-off.
1 run, fuller, just outside off, comes forward and drives it towards long-on.
no run, on a length, no room, pushed back towards him.
FOUR runs, the batsman goes very deep in the crease and hoicks a length ball from outside off to the midwicket boundary. Right out of the middle of the bat.
1 run, yorker on the fourth stump line, dug out off the toe-end to long-on.
FOUR runs, excellent shot. Picks the offbreak, goes down on a knee, and hits him straight of long-off.
no run, good length and swung into the corridor. Walks down at that and punches to mid-on.
no run, slow, high, down leg. the batsman gets bat on the paddle sweep, but he has hit this straight to short fine.
OUT, bowls him with the googly. the batsman does try to hit with the turn, but he's into the shot too early and the bowler, having held the pace off, but kept the revs up, watches it spin through the gate and crash into leg stump.
1 run, shorter length on leg, he's back and glancing this fine.
SIX runs, another pause in the stride, and it doesn't matter if he has bowled an offbreak or carrom ball because he has pitched too close to Surya, who has lofted him over mid-off casually for a six.
1 run, eases this down to long-on.
1 run, short and just outside off, late cut to third man.
1 run, lands short of third man. Short ball at middle stump. He steps out and runs into its path. A forced ramp in the end but Chahal can't get close.
1 run, down the wicket to drive this slower ball to deep cover.
FOUR runs, good length on leg, and the batsman shuffles across to the off side and paddles this fine. Virat was lurking at leg slip but just past his outstretched right hand. He's not happy.
OUT, oh sensational Nagarkoti! Good length ball wide outside off, looks to launch him straight again but this one grips and holds its line. It's sliced up, between long-off and long-on who are converging. Nagarkoti is the man coming from long-on. The ball's swerving in the direction of long-off. He simply sprints in front of that man and then leaps, almost parallel to the floor, to his left to hold on to that.
1 run, full on off stump, gets to the pitch and drives to long-off.
2 runs, opens up his body as he goes back so he can dispatch a short googly pitching on leg stump away to deep midwicket.
(no ball), can't clear extra cover. Good length ball, wide outside off. Slapped on the up and Bravo holds on with a reverse cup. But the third umpire has spotted the bowler overstepping. the batsman's night is not done yet.
no run, length around off, a googly this time, the batsman pushes at it and gets beaten.
2 runs, another thick outside edge as the batsman makes room to go big over cover. This swings a touch and goes over point for another couple.
1 run, flatter one on middle and leg, tucked to midwicket.
2 wide, full and very wide outside off. Can't get bat on it, but the spikes are in shape as he responds to Dhoni's call and gets to the other end.
1 run, short outside off, punched to deep cover.
no run, sharp, short, and tucks into him, and he plays this towards square leg.
no run, full outside off, and the batsman cuts it hard. Straight to point however.
1 run, flat outside off, the batsman goes back and punches one to long-off for one.
1 run, short of a length, around off, steered to third man for one.
no run, leg-stump yorker, kept out.
FOUR runs, 95 kph, hammered to deep midwicket for four. A googly outside off, he rocks back and hits the ball to the opposite side of the field, to midwicket.
no run, floated full and into the pads, searching for some swing. Goes on straight but QDK can't get the flick away.
1 run, slower and spinning away outside off, chipped down to long-off.
OUT, pulled, but sliced and DK makes no mistake at long on. Too high for the batsman to find the optimal connection, and the attempted pull finds the fielding riding the boundary.
1 run, full toss on middle, pushed to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, makes room yet again and gets enough of it to free his arms again to slam that square of the wicket for four this time. The length is not that bad, but this batsman isn't bad either.
1 run, back of a length outside off, he mistimes his pull to wide long-on.
1 run, back of a length, drifts into his pads, tucked to deep fine leg.
no run, length on middle, the batsman stays back in his crease and pushes it to point with the away angle.
no run, tossed up outside off, looks like another wrong'un, uses his wrists to play that back to the bowler.
1 run, lofted, but on the bounce to sweeper cover.
OUT, the batsman holes out to deep midwicket and slaps his bat on his helmet. Slower ball outside off, the batsman goes low for a slog-sweep but ends up miscuing it to Suryakumar.
no run, quick, angling in, headed down, hits him on the pad as he slogs.
OUT, big appeal for lbw but this is headed down leg according to the umpire, and me. But Kohli reviews it with one second to go. This is the wrong'un, the batsman defends for the legbreak, but it turns the other way ever so slightly. And RCB and the bowler have got it spot on. This pitches on middle, doesn't turn too much, just enough to beat his inside edge and it is going on to hit the leg stump.
1 run, thigh-high short ball outside off, swatted across the line to deep midwicket.
1 run, mistimes a pull towards Mandeep at deep midwicket. Had to fetch it from outside off.
no run, full outside off, comes down the wicket, smothers the spin and defends with bat and [pad real close.
FOUR runs, one ball after being dispatched for four, the bowler offers the same delivery again, and the batsman responds with the same shot. Through midwicket.
no run, starts off with a slow delivery on a length outside off. Pushed to cover-point.
1 wide, a slower ball drifts down leg, wide.
SIX runs, walks down to the leg side, and turns a ball that was aimed at his pads into a rank long hop outside off, and swings this ferociously over midwicket. SIX AGAIN!.
no run, knuckle ball, but short on of stump. the batsman stays on the back foot and blocks it back to Bhuvi.
no run, short of good length, a bit of nip away, punched to cover.
FOUR runs, oh shot! Super, super straight drive. A pretty good ball too. Good length and curving sharply into the corridor. He keeps his stride short and well away from the incoming ball and offers the full face to punch this past the non-striker.
FOUR runs, another boundary that's not controlled. digs it in short, the batsman is on the front foot and he is forced into an ungainly duck while trying to pull, gets a top edge that goes very fine. Nobody there so it will be four runs.
1 run, good length at off stump, driven on the rise to long-off.
no run, 132 kph, another good delivery. Using the bouncer well this time, short and down leg. Dhawan looks to pull,  but misses. the bowler and Dhoni appeal, the bowler more vociferously. No glove.
2 runs, mistimes this cut, but McClengaghan fumbles at point to give away two.
FOUR runs, too wide, and Suryakumar's seen enough! Big stride towards the off side, and thumps this drive between cover and extra cover. Glorious.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and the attempted cut has gone to point's right. Negi gives to stop the ball, but they can't stop the single.
SIX runs, lovely shot. Sweet timing. Down the wicket, right to its pitch, and lofts it clean back over his head. over the roof again. New balls please.
SIX runs, length, and this time he goes with the turn. Don't look for that, this has sailed high over long on.
1 run, on a length, around off, chopped away towards point. Kohli and the batsman almost collide, other than that, an easy run.
no run, fuller around off, hits it hard but straight to Kohli at extra cover.
1 run, full on leg stump, driven along the ground to long-on.
no run, full and fast outside off, the batsman is happy to let it go through.
no run, and he bowls one first up. Short of a length, outside off, pulled back to him.
2 wide, full and down leg side, past the flick and QDK can only deflect it in short fine's direction.
1 run, slaps this short delivery straight to sweeper cover.
OUT,   and Sunrisers' sixth bowler knocks out the batsman' leg stump. Flat dart, fizzes in from around the wicket, not as short as the batsman anticipated. He swings his hands at a pull and only collects fresh air. Yusuf roars. No Nabi? no problem. It wasn't a great ball but Yusuf will take this wicket.
no run, on the pads, skewed away to square leg.
1 run, full on off, and that's hit back hard to the bowler. He can't get his fingertips to it, and the ball runs down to long on.
1 run, length ball, middle and leg, worked to deep forward square leg for one.
FOUR runs, inside edge, off a length ball on the stumps. He was looking to smash this through midwicket, and it runs away to the fine leg fence.
1 run, chops the back of a length ball down to deep third man.
no run, full and wide outside off, the batsman throws his bat at it but luckily for him, he misses and is only beaten.
1 run, pitched up on middle and leg, driven down to long-on.
no run, good length on middle spins past the bat, takes the outside edge to roll towards slip.
FOUR runs, full on middle, and angling into his toes. Too easy for the batsman to simply flick it off his legs and past midwicket. Sloppy effort from Karn.
1 run, Shaw misses the stumps at the batsman's end, with Cutting not even in the picture. A full delivery is driven to short cover. Shaw takes aim and throws the ball wide. the bowler cannot believe it. Cutting back on strike. Pant made the attempt to come front and gather, but fell over while collecting. He needs some time to gather himself.
1 run, short of a good length at leg stump, turned to short fine with an attempted pull.
1 wide, slides this down leg, beaten. Rahul fumbles.
FOUR runs, just helped along. A googly that pitches around leg and spins away further down that line and all the batsman has to do is put bat to ball to work it away through fine leg.
4 byes, through him and past the keeper. Short of a good length, jagging back sharply off the seam. the batsman walked down at it and was well beaten on the inside edge. But that kept dipping away and away from Rahul's left-handed reach.
FOUR runs, googly, pitching just outside off and perhaps a little slower than what he's been bowling so far. Clears his front leg and clubs it with a lot of bottom hand, past the bowler and to the right of mid-off.
1 leg bye, mighty full and angling into the pads, deflected only as far as short fine leg.
1 run, but the bowler slants into the pads, tucked to fine leg.
1 run, he backs into the leg side and the bowler slides it at a length just inside the wide line. Can only get it down to long-off off the toe-end.
1 run, floats this full outside off, defended wide of mid-off as they scamper a quick single.
OUT, Cleans him up and what a return for Varun aaron! Length outside off, nipped back in, skidded onto the batsman who went for the cut and chopped it back on.
1 wide, oh that is harsh. This is an excellent short ball under the armpit, but the batsman has shuffled inside its line, and it misses the leg stump by one stump's width and he has called it a wide.
OUT, Jadeja's brilliance has made this catch possible at deep midwicket. Surya picked the length early, rocked back and pulled this ferociously. Jadeja covered plenty of ground to his left and then put in the slide to complete the catch even as the ball was dying on him.
1 run, down the wicket, low full toss, driven to long-off for one.
1 run, short and wide outside off, sliced to third man.
SIX runs, no messing with this one! Width again, but this time the batsman was waiting for it, and unfurled a dismissive slog sweep, high over the leg side!.
2 runs, an awkward looking sweep shot, right off middle stump. Top-edge for a couple.
no run, slower ball, angled well across off, no feet from the batsman as he swings early and misses.
FOUR runs, full on leg, and flicked with soft hands. Doesn't give it the whip, but the ball races away to the backward-square boundary anyway. In control.
no run, on a length, wicket to wicket, inside edge onto the pad.
no run, bouncer down leg side, ducks under it.
2 runs, full ball, and he pushes this down towards deep midwicket, and they go through for two.
no run, full just outside off, and the batsman suffles across to the off side before driving it to mid off.
SIX runs, sweeps the fast bowler over square leg! Pure audaciousness from the very best in the world. He could block a million balls with a Test on the line. He could get a fifty off 20 odd in a T20, skipping outside off and screwing up the opposition's plans. No country for near yorkers.
no run, length, angling across, the batsman has a tentative poke with his feet rooted to the crease and is beaten comprehensively.
1 run, short and just outside off, shuffles and tucks this to mid-on's right.
no run, fuller on the leg stump, the batsman looks to sweep but misses, gets hit on the pads.
no run, length ball outside off, and zipping straight through. the batsman rocks back, and cuts this from very close to his body.
1 run, full and wide, goes off the toe end fine of the deep point. But they don't push for the two.
2 runs, short of a good length at middle. Shuffles and tucks it to deep midwicket's right.
1 run, on a length, outside off, played on the up, gets a single to mid-off.
no run, three dots! Lots of flight on that as well, defended.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, flicked to deep square with the angle.
1 run, full and angling in at off, bunted to mid-on, and they risk a quick single. Wild throw from Sandeep.
no run, flat length ball on off stump, gets forward and looks to dab into the covers, but the lack of turn makes him play it too close to the pitch to get a single.
no run, the back cut, straight to Nitish Rana at point. Cry of anguish from Rohit, a meter to his right and it was four.
SIX runs, wallops this deep into the stands. Absolutely smashed! Made room, sashayed down the pitch and swatted this length ball without a worry in the world. Sailed over long-on.
1 run, flat length ball on middle and leg, swept behind square leg.
FOUR runs, this has topspun after pitching in the deep. Another whip to a length ball offbreak, it seems like deep midwicket has it covered to his left but the ball pitches and speeds off for four.
no run, full and just outside off, driven firmly to mid-off.
1 wide, looks to go back to that slower ball wide of off stump, full, but bowls it too wide.
1 run, placed through cover for one more.
no run, slider, short of a length, wide outside off, cut straight to point.
1 run, full and just outside off. Makes room to try and drive to mid-off's left. Doesn't connect well enough.
1 run, low full toss, 140ks, with mid-off up, he is lucky to get away with just a single. the batsman doesn't try to go over that man.
no run, fuller, driven towards point with an open bat face.
no run, big swing and a miss. On a length, around off, moves away to beat him.
1 run, a nice, slower delivery on middle and leg. the batsman swings to deep midwicket, the ball goes very high but lobs in no-man's land.
2 runs, slower ball on middle, 112.1ks, waits for the ball to arrive, then nudges through midwicket.
1 run, back of a length on off, punched past the right of short cover to long-off.
1 run, and he draws a mis-hit immediately. Not a yorker, but not quite a half-volley. So he can't get under it properly. Takes a single to deep cover.
1 run, steps out to hoick across the line, gets a thick inside edge to square leg.
no run, nearly sneaked through the gap between bat and pad. Looked to work to the leg side but played outside the line.  Saved by a thin inside edge .
1 run, short of a length, jumps and opens the face to third man.
FOUR runs, wow, stunning. Short of a length at leg stump, walks into the leg side and shows all three stumps before punching this aerially to extra cover's left. Sweeper has no chance.
no run, slow on middle, 78 kph. the batsman pushes the ball to the bowler's right. He dives and stops the ball.
no run, flatter, quicker, shorter, played to cover.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and punching this to deep cover.
FOUR runs, brings up his fifty. One to remember for the batsman. Short ball at middle stump, weight onto the back foot and pulls aerially to fine leg's right, giving him no chance on the small boundary.
1 run, tossed up, outside off, and he sweeps it off the off-stump, towards long leg.
(no ball) SIX runs, beamer goes for six! the bowler apologizes to the batsman and then asks the dugout for a towel. Oh boy. Straight up at the shoulder. the batsman is trying to get out of the way, swipes one handed and manages to get it over the fine leg boundary.
1 wide, yorker down leg side, can't get the flick away.
OUT, lapped straight to short fine! Dhawan knows what he wants to do but he's down for it too early. Shahbaz slows it down. A full one on leg stump. He lifts it straight to the fielder. Standing ovation from the dugout as he goes out.
1 run, full on middle stump, and he tries to sweep it fine. Straight to the fielder inside the circle, but they scamper across for the single anyway.
1 run, picks the googly but mis-hits the slog sweep. It trickles out to deep square.
1 run, this is a slower ball for sure, and he gets a single to deep point with the punch.
2 runs, a slower ball outside off, the batsman is completely deceived, the ball lobs over the bowler, a chip for a couple. Did not pick that cutter.
1 run, low full toss on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, on a length and just a shade outside off, tapped back to the bowler.
SIX runs, sent a million miles over the leg side! Whew. A knee high full toss on leg stump. Need one say more when the batsman is the batsman? Firm in his half-crouch and sends it over square leg.
1 run, eases it through point.
SIX runs, a timely six from the batsman breaks the shackles. Shuffles across to a shortish delivery and heaves a pull over backward square leg.
1 run, short of a length in the corridor, sticks in the pitch a little and the batsman has to check his poke into the covers.
1 run, wrong'un, middle and leg, the batsman looks to work to leg, gets a soft leading edge for a single to mid-off.
no run, really full and wide outside off as the batsman steps out and does not connect with a drive.
FOUR runs, seals the win with two overs to spare! Full and into the pads. Stays still and whips at it. Looks like a slight inside edge onto pad before it sprints to the fine boundary.
1 run, quick length ball, middle and leg, worked to leg for one.
1 run, slower ball, short and wide outside off. Cut off the toe-end to sweeper.
1 leg bye, straying into the pads again, lucky to get away with just the one leg-bye.
no run, makes room, Pandya fires this in, punched straight to cover, who is in on the single.
1 run, driven down to wide long off.
no run, length on off, presses forward and defends.
2 runs, length ball, gets away from him late as he chips it in the air. Lands safely around the sweeper cover region.
SIX runs, that's a bad ball. You don't bowl a wide length ball like that to a batsman on fifty-odd in the penultimate over. A free swing of the arms as he smokes it way over long-on.
OUT, soft! Back of a length outside off, and enough width to free his arms. But Mayank tries to play a deft shot, and cuts it straight to point. He'll be disappointed.
1 run, flat, quick, on off, pushed down to long-on.
1 run, tossed up leg and middle, the batsman sweeps - a shot he doesn't play all that often - to deep square leg.
no run, beaten again. the bowler turning it away from over the wicket. This is good length outside off, he stepped out and went across the line.
OUT, caught at the boundary! D'Arcy Short snaffles a smart catch at deep midwicket. A length ball around middle, Axar tries to loft it over the leg side but is done in by the lack of room. Skews it off the lower part of the bat to Stoinis who jumps back and makes sure to land just inside the boundary as he grabs it reverse-cupped.
no run, googly that drifts in from around the stumps, worked to midwicket.
1 wide, short and down leg side, beaten on the pull.
no run, length outside off, a slower one, Sarfaraz was looking to scoop it first but the line is not ideal, looks to open the face but that's too late, gets beaten.
1 run, length on middle, the batsman opens up a little and punches it off the backfoot to long-on.
no run, looks to flay this legcutter but is beaten. Too close for comfort.
FOUR runs, backs away and uses the width to slice this over backward point, clever from Bhuvi.
1 run, short of a length at leg stump, whipped to deep midwicket's left off the back foot.
1 run, slower in the air, the batsman goes for the sweep again. Doesn't nail it, which is just as well. Falls short of deep square leg.
no run, 90 kph, flat on middle and off. the batsman comes down and misses a flick, struck on the thigh pad.
FOUR runs, short, too short, and pitches this outside leg too. Pulled away over midwicket.
1 run, good length and skids on low at middle stump. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, driven to long-on for a single.
1 run, a yorker on the leg stump, gets his foot out of the line and works it towards square leg.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to deep square's left.
1 run, strays on the pads, nudged down to fine leg for a run.
1 run, slower length ball on middle, punched to mid-off for an easy single.
no run, tossed up outside off, gets down to sweep, cops it on the body.
OUT, Cracking delivery from the bowler. My ball of the tournament. This was the big dipper from the bowler, a la Malinga, swings away so very late. Opens up the batsman, beats him on the outside edge, and hits off and middle. He sends the batsman back for a first-ball duck and pumps his fist animatedly. Look at Williamson, he's pumped too. This defence is on.
no run, the batsman is slightly squared up as this full ball holds its line on off stump, Thampi bending low in his follow through to stop the ball.
1 run, drags a length ball towards the on side. only to midwicket.
1 run, length ball on off, chopped past point.
1 run, dropped short and wide outside off, the batsman rocks back and slaps it to sweeper cover.
no run, a googly outside off. Yuvi doesn't pick that and the ball beats the bat.
OUT, and they finally get rid of the batsman. the bowler keeps hiding the ball from the batsman. No pace on, and wide outside off. the batsman still thinks of hitting this over cover for six, but he doesn't get the timing. Off the toe end it goes for a catch to deep cover. What a lovely innings from the batsman.
no run, slower ball outside off, 118.9ks, not sure if that was a knuckle ball. the batsman delays his push to cover.
1 run, slides on, the batsman punches this to sweeper cover. They're walking this.
2 runs, full on off, and pushed to wide mid on off the front foot. Forces the bowler to chase behind it, which allows the KKR batsmen to complete the second run.
SIX runs, short, and de the batsman swings this across over midwicket. Rank long-hop and he gives it the due treatment.
2 runs, misfield by Faf. Full on off, once again he miscues the inside-out shot to long-off's left and Faf lets that past and they get a second.
no run, short of a length outside off, tries to flick and gets a mild leading edge back towards the bowler.
no run, slightly wider, the batsman stays back to look to punch it, but is beaten.
1 run, full on off stump, exposes the stumps to drive to sweeper cover.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off. Punched to cover's left off the back foot and a lunging stop from Iyer.
no run, good length on middle, and backs away to punch it towards cover.
1 wide, good length and down leg side, beaten on the attempted flick.
FOUR runs, more touch from the batsman. the bowler bowls a bouncer, the batsman arches back, creates a bit of a room and ramps this over the keeper's head.
1 run, fuller ball, and he drives this down towards long off.
FOUR runs, full and wide, the batsman reaches out and slices it past deep point's right.
1 leg bye, length ball on middle, and he glances it fine down the leg side. Work for the man at short fine leg. Final time out of the season.
SIX runs, looped up on middle, the batsman charges down the track, meets the pitch of this full ball on middle. the batsman manufactured his own length and hoisted it over long-on. Whack!.
1 run, slower length ball, punched to square third man.
SIX runs, Jagadeesan drops it at long-off. And tips it over the boundary too. Overpitched ball is there for the pummel straight and that's what Dube goes for. Ends up slicing it off the low part of the bat, the outside part. Jagadeesan has a margin of about a a foot or two behind him but ends up reaching behind and to his right at the end. That momentum makes the ball bounce out of his hand and towards the hoarding.
to Watson, no run, full, just outside off, driven back at him, and he does well to field in his follow-through.
no run, full, slow, dipping, driven back to him.
no run, holds the offbreak back, and the batsman is sucked in by the flight on this, goes through with the sweep shot way too early and misses altogether.
OUT, looks to ramp a slower short ball but sends it only as far as a limping Pant can go to catch. Is it a cramp or is it a strain? the bowler has three.
no run, googly at a length on middle stump, defended to midwicktet's left.
no run, slower one on the leg stump, comes forward and flicks it towards short midwicket.
no run, slower legcutter outside off, the batsman ends up pushing inside the line.
2 runs, dragged wide of mid-on. Good length and just outside off. Has a swipe across the line and gets it off the inside half of the bat.
1 run, short of a length, angling in, worked to deep square leg.
1 run, length outside off, dragged to deep midwicket with a sweep on the up.
1 run, yorker, angled into his leg-stump, and all de the batsman can do is squeeze it out to long-on. They can't even attempt the second. Top work all around.
2 runs, tossed up outside off, drives neatly to sweeper's right.
no run, more bounce for the bowler. Dug in outside off and angling away, the batsman arches his back but can't connect with the ramp to third man.
nan
no run, length ball, angles into him, and he plays it away towards short midwicket.
no run, bounces him this time, de Villiers is prepared for it, sways back to ramp the ball over short third man. He misses it. Miracles do happen.
no run, short of a length and into middle and leg. Pushed to midwicket's left off the back foot.
2 runs, slower short ball outside off, the batsman can't manufacture his own pace. Dragged away to wide long-on. the batsman hares back for the second.
SIX runs, this over keeps KKR alive. A third six to end it off with. Another wide low full toss, the batsman gets on a knee and lofts this over extra cover.
2 runs, full on middle, the batsman goes inside out over cover, not usually his shot off the frontfoot, but placed well for two.
no run, short of a length, good bounce, runs this down to short third man.
1 run, tossed up, googly, and he drives this down to long off.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. A tad overpitched from Avesh with some width. the batsman strides forward and caresses a drive through cover with immaculate timing.
no run, good ball, back of a length and on off stump, steered to point, but Jadeja's there and they aren't going to risk a quick single to him.
1 run, short of a length on middle stump, whipped to long-on off the back foot.
2 runs, 121.4ks slower ball outside off, looks like an offutter, the batsman does not read the variation. He goes for a loft and winds up skewing it in the air, but away from the reach of wide long-on.
no run, really slow, but not full enough. the batsman defends.
1 run, full, on the pads, clipped away to deep midwicket.
1 wide, short and wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, on a length, outside off, punched to deep cover.
no run, beats him outside off with the batsman stuck in his crease against a fullish, incoming delivery, trying to cut it through point.
FOUR runs, the batsman corrects that. He knows the bowler is bowling yorkrs, so he gets inside the line and down on a knee to take this on the full and ramp it over short fine.
no run, looks for the pull, but the back of a length ball comes onto him just a smidge quicker than he expects and it comes off the splice and wanders to cover.
3 runs, back of a length on off, hoicked away to the left of Mandeep at deep square leg. An overthrow means Kings XI get three in the end. Umesh finishes with 3 for 23.
1 run, flicked uppishly through square leg.
1 run, short of a length, tucked away off the hip for one.
2 runs, shortish on middle and leg, punched down to wide long-on.
no run, darted on a back of a length and outside off, jabbed back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, slower hip-high short ball on the leg stump, that's asking for trouble with the fine leg inside the circle. Swatted away past short fine leg for four.
1 run, offcutter at 123kmh, he spots it and cuts off the back foot to deep point for one.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
no run, full on off and zipping straight through. Fended off the back foot on this occasion.
1 run, swatted this time but straight towards long-on. Length ball, Parthiv stays back and hammers.
1 run, length, a bit of width, and he slashes this away towards backward point.
1 run, slower short ball, wide outside off. Reaches out and can only chop this to sweeper cover.
no run, high full toss, backs away and fends it away awkwardly to cover. Just about gets away with a no-ball.
no run, on a length, no room, defended from the crease.
FOUR runs, tossed up on middle, the batsman skips down the wicket and drills it down the ground, and hits it so powerfully that it beats long-on, who didn't have to move much to his left.
no run, yorker wide outside off, and the batsman can't slice this away. Through to Bairstow, great comeback delivery.
no run, good length and just outside off, pushed into the off side off the toe-end.
1 run, back of a length, outside off, and he drags a pull to deep midwicket. Royals need 12 off the final over.
1 run, good length at off stump, driven down to long-off.
no run, opens the face on this but short third man is tight on the single.
no run, beaten by a googly. Wants a wide for that. Good length and outside off, grips and spins away from his cut.
SIX runs, this one's shorter still and the batsman backs away even further. Doesn't manage to get on top of it entirely, but manages to cart it over deep backward point.
OUT, bowled him! Oh boy oh boy oh boy, what was the batsman thinking there? Look for your Fazeer Mohammed clips because this is fully deserving of an animated why did he dooo thaaat? Full floaty ball at leg stump, gets the front leg into the leg side and unleashes the most ungainly heave and misses entirely. Leg stump takes a knock and RCB will suddenly feel energised with the inexperience coming for SRH. Top knock from YJB until that ball.
1 run, paddled away behind square on the leg side.
no run, full, and just outside off. Big stride forward and defended towards the on side.
1 run, darted into the pads, not letting him get under it. He takes a single to leg.
1 run, mid-off has gone back and the batsman gets a single there.
FOUR runs, the batsman gets the boundary they needed this over. the bowler is frustrated but he has bowled length with no deep midwicket. He flicks this over the man in the circle.
1 run, length outside off, punches at it, thick edge down to third man.
FOUR runs, misfield and on this tiny ground, you don't recover from those! Short of a length outside off and he cuts it to point's right. He is slow getting down to it. Gets something on it, but can't stop cleanly.
1 run, well bowled. A full delivery on off, some shape inside. Driven to long-on.
1 run, slower length ball outside off, shuffles and clips through square leg.
no run, 92 kph, bottom hand. Slow outside off, driven back to the bowler.
1 run, back of a length, angling into leg stump, tucked away to fine leg.
no run, fullish, wide outside off, and he attempts to cut this late. Finds the fielder at point.
no run, short of a length, angling in from wide on the crease. Pulled down to mid-on.
1 run, back of a length and slides on just a shade outside off, hangs back and whips through midwicket for his fourth fifty of the season. His captain Rohit embraces him.
1 run, short of a length, into the body, the batsman plays the flick-pull to deep backward square for one.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched to long-off's left off the back foot.
1 run, jabbed to the right of the bowler, the bowler dives to his right and takes some pace off the ball.
1 run, on a length, around off, crisply played straight of mid-off for one.
no run, on a length, just outside off, pushed to mid-on.
1 run, length on middle stump, pushed to deep square off the inside half of the bat.
1 run, right into the blockhole, squeezed down to long off.
1 run, very full on middle, driven down to long-off off the front foot.
FOUR runs, slogged to the midwicket boundary. Good length and just outside off, onto the front foot and across the angle he goes.
FOUR runs, short outside off, and that's been crunched off the back foot! Cut square, and sweeper cover is too slow to react. Muscles this one.
no run, Dhawan backs away early, the bowler slips in one full and wide. No chance to get close to it.
1 run, on a length, into the pads, helped along for a single to short fine leg.
1 run, good length outside off, punched off the back foot to sweeper cover.
1 run, slower one that slides into the pads, clipped away to mid-on where Unadkat shuffles to his right and makes a tumbling stop.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, no turn, cut away for one.
no run, full and angled into off stump, defended on the front foot.
no run, full on middle stump, but going down the leg side. the batsman tries to whip it behind square but it hits his pads.
no run, swipes across the line to one that's angled across and misses.
no run, length, a hint of shape away, and the batsman defends this.
FOUR runs, in his hitting arc, the batsman shimmies down the pitch and belts this to the long-on boundary. Flat hit, angry stroke. He's taking out all the anger on the ball now.
no run, how'd that miss! Angled in, flat, from wide of the crease, and it straightens past the outside edge as the batsman reaches out for a push into the off side. So close to off stump.
1 run, full, turning in, worked to leg for one.
FOUR runs, whips it away over midwicket with disdain practically dripping out of him. He's clearly asking, really, a leg-stump half-volley? To me? REALLY?.
no run, beaten as the offspinner gets more bounce than turn and the batsman is looking for the non-existent turn with a late cut.
1 run, length outside off, punched to long-off.
FOUR runs, poor ball and punished! This is a full toss too far wide outside off, the batsman simply reaches out to get a thick edge past short third man.
1 run, short of a length, 131ks, wide outside off, pulled off the cue end to long-on.
no run, nearly drags on a filthy short ball! Short and very very wide outside off. Looks to pull and gets an inside edge that smashes into his pads and trickles past leg stump.
FOUR runs, and again! Get out of here! Full again and closer to off stump this time. Gets his hands from in to out and blazes it past backward point yet again.
(no ball) 1 run, short and wide outside off, mistimed cut down to long-off. the bowler's overstepped.
1 run, length ball at leg stump, pulled to deep midwicket from the crease.
no run, length ball on middle stump, stands tall in the crease and punches straight to mid-off.
2 runs, flicked uppishly to wide long-on.
1 run, hint of shape across the right-hander, but he is able to negotiate it well, steers it to third man comfortably.
no run, short, swings away wide outside off, the batsman stays leg-side of the ball. Throws his bat at it with his back leg a fair way outside leg. Beaten emphatically.
2 runs, fullish slower one on leg stump, clipped down to long-on.
no run, good length on leg stump, flicked to midwicket.
1 leg bye, slow, full, drifting in. Leg-bye as the batsman misses with his attempted nurdle.
no run, short of length outside off, goes for the cut again, mistimes it towards point.
1 run, No power on the pull. Slower length ball which Yusuf drags from outside off to deep square on the bounce.
no run, nicely bowled. Saw the batsman trying to make himself room and bowls a wide slower ball, quite full. Reaches out to flat-bat it, but can't put any power on it. Hits it straight to short cover.
no run, length ball on off, pushed to mid-off.
no run,  beaten again!  At the moment, Kishan has no clue. Pokes tentatively, lucky there was no nick.
FOUR runs, four more! Good comeback this from Delhi. Another cutter, the batsman just times his bunt this time. Much more in control, decent-enough timing for the short boundaries and four through mid-off.
1 run, short of a length, into the body, tucked away off the hip to deep square leg.
1 run, works the back of a length ball off his hips to deep midwicket.
1 run, short and flat on middle and leg, punched to midwicket.
2 runs, length on leg stump, gently pushed to deep midwicket's right and they steal a second this time.
SIX runs, slower and fuller outside off, belted through the line to clear long-off. Stunning from Surya.
no run, tries to cut a short one and loses shape due to lack of room and gets beaten.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
no run, he's so late on the shot. Back of a length outside off, Sarfraz is not close to the ball as he looks to cut.
OUT, beats him for pace and takes an excellent return catch as he hares across to grab it! Shardul, you beauty. the batsman, like de Kock, is beaten for pace as he looks to pull this skiddy delivery but gets it high on the bat. Lobs so high that Shardul has enough time to cover at least 20 yards but in trying to grab it the ball bobbles out. Somehow he still manages to retain his composure and take it on the second attempt. Heroic from Shardul as he tumbles over. What. A. Catch. No repeat of the batsman's heroics at the same venue where he delivered Mumbai the title in 2017.
1 run, short of a length at middle stump, makes room, opens the face and pushes this to extra cover who gets a direct hit in. No appeal, no third umpire.
2 runs, full toss on the pads, the batsman goes really low down and swats it away to long-on's right but the fielder makes good ground before putting in the slide to keep it to two.
1 run, almost yorker length, he chips it over the bowler's head and straight down, where long-on runs around to tidy up.
1 run, a very full delivery on off, pushed to long-on.
no run, slower bouncer, the batsman is early into a pull and only collects fresh air.
no run, starts off with the perfect yorker, in front of off. Dug out back to him.
FOUR runs, slower short ball, and Surya has dragged this from wide outside off and rolls his wrists on the pull to clear square leg. What awareness of the field. Has picked his spot spotlessly.
1 run, short of a length, wide, cut away to deep cover.
1 run, short of a length, straight, pulled to deep square leg.
1 wide, full toss angling down, the batsman swings and misses. His protege Kishan does well to dive to his left and stop.
OUT, that's that. One more for the bowler. Three wickets at the death. the batsman just gives catching pressure to Mishra at point.
2 runs, scooped this time, length ball around off, goes down on one knee and collects a couple.
1 run, front-of-the-hand quick low full toss. Hit to deep cover for one. the bowler ends with 3 for 37.
1 run, nice drift, touch fuller so Dhawan lunges forward and turns this gently into the leg side for a quick single.
1 run, short of a length, opens the face to point.
FOUR runs, this is some cricket. the bowler bowling quick and at him, and the batsman looking to find runs. This is a bouncer, right at this body, the batsman gets down on a knee and gets a top edge to clear short fine leg.
no run, slower ball, back of a length on off stump, defended back down the pitch.
2 runs, makes room and slaps this past point. Another run out opportunity, with Archer running sloppily. but Shardul was sloppy to collect it too, though it wasn't the easiest take on the half-volley. but Archer was slow to respond to the second run, though he should have been looking for it to get the batsman on strike.
no run, whips at the first length ball he faces. The ball hits the inside half of his bat, and rolls to short midwicket.
2 runs, length on leg stump, nudged to midwicket's right off the back foot.
1 run, driven towards Chawla at sweeper cover.
1 run, yorker outside off, driven along the floor to sweeper's left.
1 run, back of a length and angling away outside off from around the wicket, punched wide of midwicket.
1 run, full on off, and the batsman flicks it away to wide long on to get off the mark.
no run, skidding into the thigh, cramps the batsman for room, tucked away to midwicket.
no run, good length on off stump, grips and stops. He pushes with hard hands into the covers.
no run, short of a good length outside off, gets down for the ramp, improvises for the reverse-ramp and misses completely. QDK leaps to his right to stop that.
1 run, good length and sliding onto leg stump. Flicked to deep square.
no run, and he cramps him up with a quick length ball, and the bottom edge comes back to him.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, nicely steered to third man for one.
no run, short of a length, stands tall and punches to cover.
OUT, when it is your evening, it is your night. Now Samson takes an amazing one-handed catch to send the batsman back. Slower short ball, offcutter, the batsman throws his bat at it, gets a top edge, and Samson leaps to his right to pluck a one-hander.
1 run, full at middle stump, driven to long-on with the angle.
no run, full on off stump, driven on the bounce to extra cover.
no run, slower length ball, angling across the batsman, the batsman was looking to play it on the leg side, ends up playing it on to his pads, was a knuckle ball from Ishant.
1 run, driven to cover.
no run, shortish, angled across off, the batsman jumps and blocks.
OUT, steered straight to short third. It was a slower short one outside off. He shapes to give that a spank. Is forced to rethink that and try to stab over short third man. There's just no pace on it for him to manage that. Simple catch for the fielder.
no run, length on middle, stays back and defends to the leg side.
FOUR runs, wallops the back of a length ball outside off over mid-off. Roy is the man haring after it, hoping to drag it back, throwing himself head-first at the ball. It's travelled too far, and he might have hurt himself from the effort. He's on his haunches with a crowd around him, talking to Chris the bowler and the physio. Roy has gone off the field.
1 run, wrong'un, he picks it, works it into the leg side for a single.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, but he's taken the pace off the ball. the batsman walks inside the line of the ball, and nudges it to the vacant area on the leg side.
1 run, gets the length to sweep, but it is still not full enough so he ends up sending it deep square leg for one.
OUT, holes out to wide long on another slower ball, length outside off. the batsman tries to fetch it from there and wants to pull it to midwicket, but it's a long boundary and he has to generate all the power himself. Doesn't get enough on it and Shreyas Gopal is eager to make amends for the earlier drop, runs around to his left from long-on to hold on to a good catch.
1 run, wide length ball, mis-hit to long-off for one.
no run, length ball slanting away from the left-hander into a sixth-stump line. Swings hard and misses, looking to hit over cover.
FOUR runs, slower bouncer again, and he makes room to hit him over extra cover for four.
no run, good length on off, and angling across the batsman again. Tries to open his bat's face but can't connect. Through to Rahul, who can't hold onto it in his first attempt.
SIX runs, the batsman now goes over wide long-off for a six. Back of a length on the stumps, he backs away, manufactures swinging room and lifts it over the boundary.
1 run, flat, back of a length, pulled away to deep backward square leg.
to Saha, 2 runs, oh sensational from Cummins at deep midwicket! Give him some more money. Full and into the pads. Flicked with brilliant timing. Cummins sprints to his right, slides on his hips and flicks this back in for deep square leg who was running to his left.
1 run, good length slower ball on middle stump, allows it on and tucks it to square leg.
1 leg bye, big appeal for lbw. the bowler manages to convince Dhoni to take the review. Dhoni didn't looks convinced. It's an outswinger and he's looked to lift it over midwicket. Swings past the edge and hits him on the outside of the front knee flap. Was it missing off? Just clipping the top of off says tracker, so that will remain umpire's call and they retain the review. the batsman was going across the line and was done by the awayswing.
1 run, full outside leg, and clipped off his pads to deep midwicket. Comfortably played to the man in the deep. Also the time out.
no run, comes down the wicket again, and misses the line of a length ball, bowled at 122.5kph by Thampi.
SIX runs, fuller on the stumps, backs away and lofts it over the bowler's head. Got it from the bottom of the bat but still enough on it clear the long-on boundary.
1 wide, the pressure tells on the bowler and he bowls it too far outside off.
1 run, length, and he flicks this away towards deep midwicket.
SIX runs, dropped at deep backward square! Length on middle stump, drags this sweep behind square because it's delivered slowly. Rutherford runs to his right, gets under it, but cops it on his shoulder as he looks to keep balance and it bounces over the rope.
no run, length outside off, pushed to cover-point.
no run, backs away to slap this over point, ends up getting a thick inside edge back to the bowler.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and he stands tall to punch it past the bowler's left. Mid off's there.
1 run, full and drifts away outside off, carved away to deep point.
2 runs, short, and he whips this towards deep midwicket, and will pick up two. Takes him to 92.
1 run, tossed up wide outside off, driven hard, but straight to long-off.
1 run, powers this sweep behind square, down to the boundary rider. Prithvi Shaw it is.
no run, length ball outside off and he tries to stroke it through cover, but mis-times it.
no run, short of a length on off stump, makes room and chops straight to point.
no run, slower ball, length outside off, the batsman tries to slash it but misses completely.
1 run, angling in again, on a length, punched to long on.
1 run, starts with a slower one on the stumps, clipped in front of square.
FOUR runs, into the leg side now, the batsman stepping back to hammer a length delivery from the bowler to deep midwicket. And his strike rate goes above a run a ball for the first time.
no run, full outside off, driven hard to mid-off.
1 run, quick single! the batsman taps to cover and they just set off. A direct hit would have been interesting.
1 run, length ball, on off, and he pushes this towards cover.
FOUR runs, oh a loosener. Everybody bowls straight at the batsman. the bowler goes short of a length and wide. the batsman says thank you very much.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, punched to sweeper cover.
2 runs, good length outside off, allows that on ad chops to third man's left. Comes back for the second and puts in a slide to get into the nineties. It's sent upstairs for the run out but he was well in.
FOUR runs, miscued but he doesn't need to more than clear mid-on. He does it. Beaten in flight and lofting agains the spin as he steps out, but it's one bounce and into the boundary.
1 run, full on middle and leg, eased to long on.
2 runs, flatter on leg stump, the batsman pushes it with soft hands into the vacant midwicket region and they pinch two.
SIX runs, thigh-high full toss, hits him high on the bat, but the batsman has imparted a lot of power into this. Clears Stokes at wide long-on for six No. 1001.
SIX runs, six more! Another big over, and the Hyderabad crowd has found its voice again. A shortish delivery again, and Yusuf hammers a pull over deep midwicket. Another clean strike.
1 run, slower ball at a length outside off, opens the face and runs it to short third.
no run, slider, outside off, and he misses out on an attempted cut.
OUT, what a comeback from Harshal the bowler. Shortens the length here with this slower ball. the batsman looks to go over midwicket this time, but gets a massive top edge for substitute fielder Axar the bowler to take the catch at deep midwicket.
no run, good length at middle stump, steps out for the flick, cops it on the body.
FOUR runs, the bowler has not bowled one bad ball so far but has been taken for 12 off three balls. the batsman is moving across to set up a strong base to hit. He goes wide and short of a length, but he punches him over extra cover for four.
no run, this one hits one spot and takes off from length outside off, Rohit jabs this to point. The bottom hand came off the grip as he played that.
1 run, full and into middle stump, driven to long-on's left.
no run, length ball on the stumps, stays in his crease and defends.
1 run, the batsman shuffles across early and then backs away, which he often does. the bowler stays short with no room. Cut to deep cover for one.
no run, full and skids through outside off, the batsman swishes and collects thin air.
no run, length on middle, pushed to midwicket.
SIX runs, pumps it down the ground! This is a back of a length ball. And he unleashes a front foot lofted drive. That's tough to pull off. His bottom-hand strength and bat swing must be insane; has to be to get under the ball, and make contact with the middle of the bat and not the high part of it.
FOUR runs, another slower ball, but he overpitches this time, on off stump, and the batsman holds his shape, keeps his front leg out of the way, and drives firmly between umpire and non-striker.
no run, good length on off stump, defended to cover.
no run, nicely directed bouncer. Up at the left shoulder. Looks to hook and is beaten.
1 run, lofted, but on the bounce to long-on. No timing again.
2 runs, driven on the up, straight of extra cover, gets two to wide long-off.
no run, full just outside off, and he tries to drive with the ball turning away. Mistimed towards cover.
OUT, taken at deep midwicket. Length ball at middle stump, hangs back and looks to slog that over the midwicket boundary. It's come off the inside half and Rashid settles comfortably underneath that to take the catch. His first real attempt at clearing the boundary today and it doesn't come off. A nice little comeback has happened from the bowler this evening after his first over.
1 run, short of a length, flicked with the angle to midwicket.
1 run, back of a length on off, and it's the offcutter. Clipped off his hips to midwicket, and that gets the debutant on strike.
no run, beaten on the cut. Short and just outside off, past the bat quickly as he looks to cut.
OUT, gone, one Karnataka player gets another. Length ball on off stump and the batsman goes for the big loft down the ground. Gets a touch too much underneath the ball, I thought, so he gets slightly more elevation and slightly less distance than intended. Kulkarni takes a great catch at long-off, jumping backwards with his arms up over his head, and he cups it with both hands even as his back foot lands perilously close to the boundary cushions. Does really well not to step on or beyond them even with his weight going backwards.
1 run, length, leg-side line, tucked to short fine leg.
2 runs, outside off, and he cuts this away. A bit of work for Lockie Ferguson to do at backward point, and they will pick up two comfortably.
no run, googly, short of a good length and in at off. Cut to backward point.
1 run, good length just outside off, and going straight through. Tapped towards cover off the back foot. Tiwary stops.
1 run, waits for this length ball before opening the face towards point for a quick one.
FOUR runs, half-tracker, and the batsman swivels to pulls this square! Rocked back onto his backfoot, and slapped this off his pads. Deep midwicket's sliding effort goes in vain. Another expensive Washington over.
FOUR runs, imperiously pulled, one bounce to the midwicket boundary. Slower delivery, the off-cutter but too short. the batsman had enough time in the world to line himself for that before giving it a proper whack.
SIX runs, over the sightscreen to bring up his half-century! Too full and straight after that wide, the batsman's high back lift was waiting and he didn't even have to finish the follow through to hammer that.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length in the corridor. Forces him to check his shot - he wanted to punch that through cover. Extra cover falls to his right and gets a hand, but can't stop the single.
no run, full and just outside off, 140.5kph. Driven firmly to mid-on.
1 run, bouncer, toe-ended to extra cover. Still not getting caught.
FOUR runs, full toss, at the stumps, lofted with an open face, between long-off and extra cover. Gets four for it.
1 run, the batsman backs away and hacks a drive out to long off.
2 runs, length ball, wide outside off, and he carves this off the back foot to deep point. Terrific commitment from Rahane at the deep, sliding across the ground to stop the boundary.
1 wide, full toss, tailing in and way down the leg side.
SIX runs, Dropped by Gill! the batsman hits it flat and hard to Gill at the edge of the square leg fence. He lets it burst through the hands into the boundary. Short googly, the batsman skips back and swats it away.
2 runs, full, outside off, and he caresses a drive to Nath at extra cover. Well stopped, full-stretched dive in the deep.
SIX runs, oh, a risky shot from the batsman. Chest-high short ball, tucks him up with the line, and the batsman still pulls it despite a man at deep forward square leg. Not a big six, and beats Riyan Parag to his left.
no run, length ball, middle and leg, defended back to him.
SIX runs, picked up into the stands! the batsman is moving around a lot in the crease, and he goes really deep to this short ball, using the pace and the angle to lift it into the stands beyond deep backward square leg for a vital boundary.
no run, good length, just outside off. the batsman takes a step forward and fends it back to the bowler.
SIX runs, flat-batted over the bowler! Short on off, and the batsman goes deep into the crease. Opens his stance, takes his front leg out of theway, and sends it into the long-on boundary.
1 run, full and coming in at middle, punched to mid-on.
FOUR runs, and again! This one is straighter, and even sweeter off the blade. the bowler's seam position is excellent, but it's too full and Dhawan is forward to meet it in full flow.
no run, quicker ball, length on middle, and skidding through. Fended away to the off side.
1 run, full and in at the pads, tucked through vacant square leg.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, soft hands for a single to point.
1 run, big slower ball, 116ks, Dhawan slogs and is caught at mid-off. Just the one off the free hit.
no run, pretty straight and slow on off stump, he blocks it back.
1 run, length ball, angling on to the pads, swiped towards deep backward square leg, only a single.
1 wide, short ball, angled across, the batsman watches it through to the keeper, called wide.
FOUR runs, misses the yorker, bowls a low full toss, and the batsman jams down on it. He is opening the face on it, but he doesn't intend for it to go this fine. it hits the outer half of the bat, and does go fine of third man.
1 run, good length on middle stump, punched to deep midwicket off the back foot.
2 runs, full on the pads, clipped away to square leg for two. The line is not very good.
1 run, short and spinning away, cut away to sweeper cover.
1 run, a full toss but the batsman can only hit it towards long-on, once again only a single, just five from the over.
1 run, another slower one, short of length around off, pulls it behind square, fine leg comes in to keep it to one.
SIX runs, the batsman taking full toll of the youngster here. Don't go by that wicket last over, Mavi has been pretty ordinary this spell. Nice little short ball for the batsman to pull over square leg for six.
no run, outside off, through to the keeper on a wide line.
1 run, down the leg side, plays the vertical sweep to long leg for one.
no run, full and into middle stump, watchfully stabbed back to the bowler.
1 run, very full and swinging into the pads, flicked to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, punched past Pandey's face at the other end. Full and just outside off, sets up nicely, full face of the bat, and no intent to keep it down.
1 run, full toss, but wide outside off. Sticks his bat out and drills it to deep extra cover. He's off the mark. the bowler ensuring the ball's not in the batsman's arc.
SIX runs, lovely shot. Bouncer, at his face, the batsman pulls this with his face down. Doesn't even look up to see where it is going as he has deposited this for a huge six over midwicket.
no run, back of a length, angling across, and the batsman's attempted back-foot defense takes an outside edge, and very nearly carries into the keeper's gloves.
2 runs, dropped shorter and outside off, forced off the back foot through the covers.
1 run, short, and he goes back and pulls this towards deep midwicket.
1 run, flat, into the pads, no pressure. Single to long-on.
1 run, short of a length and in at leg stump. Gets deep in the crease and nudges it towards fine leg.
no run, slower at 128.4kmh, the speed variation beats the batsman outside off as he cuts again and misses.
1 run, starts with a full toss on the pads, but only costs a single as it's clipped to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, seems like the bowler's first on-pace delivery, and the batsman loves it. Unleashes a square-drive on the up, through point and square of deep cover.
1 run, short of a length, into the body, pushed towards midwicket for one.
1 run, good length at off stump, driven to long-on.
1 run, tossed up full on leg stump, clipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, carrom ball, takes the leading edge as he looks to work this to leg. It goes into the covers for one.
1 run, good length at middle stump, deep in the crease and punches to long-on.
1 run, skids one through on middle and leg, punches to deep midwicket.
no run, backs away and looks to eases this slower length ball over point, beaten.
no run, leading edge, nearly caught at cover. This one swings back a touch. the batsman looks to work this to leg, but it doesn't swing as much as he expects it to. The leading edge doesn't carry to the diving Pooran at short cover.
1 run, length, angled in, Suryakumar punches it towards mid-on off the backfoot.
no run, right into the blockhole outside off, dug back. He goes for the catch but he took it on the bounce.
1 run, full and swung into off stump, opens the face and runs this to backward point's right.
SIX runs, bam. Tossed up on leg stump, and he clears his front leg and clears long-on by a big distance.
1 run, dropped at backward point! Tough one to the right for Krunal. He dives and can't hold on. It's a good length ball on off stump, he brings out the reverse sweep and wants to clear the infield behind square on the off side. Doesn't get the elevation. Krunal got there but can't complete.
FOUR runs, off the inside edge but sprints to the square leg boundary. Length ball and he backs away and has a swing at this. Thick inside edge.
1 run, full on leg stump, leans in for the flick to deep backward square.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. He leaves the crease, the bowler bowls the slower ball, but he delays the shot to reach it on the half-volley and place the drive wide of mid-off for four.
OUT, and on a night when KKR need the batsman to be circumspect, he plays an ambitious shot to make it nothing for 3. the batsman is having a horror season: slow when quick runs are needed, reckless when you need to rebuild. This is short, outside off, and he plays the pull, only to top-edge it to midwicket.
no run, full toss outside off, quite a bit of width there but he can't get any bat on it.
1 run, goes back and slaps a shortish delivery on off stump through to long-off.
SIX runs, incredible. There's a reason so many people fawn over this guy's abilities. This is good length ball at middle and he's barely moved. Static and languidly picking this up over long leg. You don't do this if you don't pick length really quickly.
no run, on a length, outside off, punched to cover.
no run, leading edge as he looks to push this to long-on. Straight cover does the fielding.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, the batsman rocks back, making room, and flat-bats it powerfully, flat but in the air, and it bounces some five yards in front of long-off.
1 run, length ball, on off, and he defends off the back foot to mid-off.
1 run, short of a length, slower ball, outside off, steered for one to short third man.
1 run, length ball, angling in, punched down to long-on for one.
2 runs, good length on off, but once again legspin from the bowler. the batsman stays on the back foot and drags a shot towards cow corner. Two men in the deep, and one of them cut it off.
no run, back of length on off stump, the batsman shows the full face as he defends back.
1 run, length ball angling in towards middle stump. Stays leg side of the ball and pushes to the left of short cover.
no run, short of a length, no room, punched to point.
FOUR runs, short ball and he hammers a pull shot! This was a gift and the batsman gleefully got low and smashed it flat to the gap at deep square leg.
1 run, length outside off, stays back and cuts it towards sweeper cover.
no run, ripper of a short ball on middle, zips through as Dhawan sways out of the way. In the 140s that delivery.
no run, quicker, on a length, on off, defended back to him.
no run, inside edge onto the pad as he plays for the turn but this goes on with the arm.
no run, good length, late away movement, opens up the batsman who does well to defend it really late.
FOUR runs, rocks back and pulls. This was begging to be hit and the batsman said 'no fret, mate. I'll put that where it should be put.' No one at deep midwicket to protect that.
1 run, inswinger from a length, jabbed to mid-on with the angle.
OUT, and he's picked out deep midwicket. Kings XI falling apart here. the batsman picks up this length ball from middle and off and fails to get hold of this slog, skews it straight into the hands of Kohli in the deep.
no run, sweet punch into the covers - he's looking gorgeous off the back foot.
FOUR runs, they all know he likes the bouncer. It is the one in the ribs that causes his trouble. Not a chest-high short ball outside off, and pulls this square of that long leg. Again an on-pace delivery.
SIX runs, slower short ball again, and the batsman unleashes the best of the shots. Pulls this from well outside off and well over mid-on for a flat six into a camera.
2 runs, makes room and slams to the right of sweeper cover.
1 run, googly, good length and away from off stump. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, slower offcutter, on a length, driven down to long-off for one.
no run, short of a length, pitches leg, angles to off, played back to him.
FOUR runs, lifted over midwicket. Good length and rising up at off stump. Hangs back in the crease and pulls this off the inside part of the bat.
SIX runs, the batsman is not a man getting off the plane. He is flying this plane. Just slightly short of a length, and he goes deep into the crease to pull this for a massive six over midwicket.
1 run, length ball angling across the batsman, and he mistimes an attempted cut to Santner at deep point.
1 run, length ball down the leg side, helped along for a single.
1 run, back of a length, angling into leg stump, tucked away through square leg.
no run, good length on middle stump, flicked to midwicket.
no run, length outside off, the batsman slashes but misses in anticlimactic fashion.
OUT, drilled straight to Warner at long-off! Loopy slower ball outside off, brings the bat down on that rather than swing through it to get distance. It's flat, throat height and pouched by an elated Warner.
1 run, gentle little dab into the off side for a quick single.
1 wide, length ball with some wobble down leg side, can't get bat on the attempted flick.
OUT, and he goes for the big hit and finds the big man Pollard at long-on. Length ball on the stumps, Vijay was struggling and tried to break the shackles, doesn't get the timing right though and Sunrisers lose their fourth wicket.
no run, bunted to point from the crease, this was bowled full and across again.
1 run, quick legbreak, on a length, goes back to punch this to deep cover.
2 runs, backs away and carves a 118 kph back of a length delivery on off stump to the sweeper cover.
OUT, trying to be too ambitious! This is a 146kph delivery that has cleaned up the batsman's stumps. Full and angling in, he tries to ramp, misses and the off and middle stump take a knock.
1 run, full on leg stump, looks for the flick, gets a leading edge towards sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, slower and shorter outside off, and the batsman can get under it, goes inside out over extra cover, beats long-off running to his left.
1 run, steps out and punches this to deep cover.  Third win in four games for Kings XI.  This is also the first time they've won in Mohali. Emphatic win.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, punched to sweeper cover off the back foot.
FOUR runs, short and wide and the batsman cuts it past the point fielder, off the mark with a cracking four.
1 run, yorker on fifth stump, squirted to third man.
2 runs, tossed up outside off, nicely to the pitch as he drives to long-off's left this time.
FOUR runs, a slower delivery, a cutter, swatted away through midwicket for four. Smashed away.
1 run, fullish on the stumps, the batsman drives gently to a widish long-on.
1 run, short of length on middle and leg, pulls it towards deep midwicket for one.
1 run, full on middle, tucked away towards squareleg.
1 run, tossed up at middle stump, thumped down to long-on off the front foot.
1 run, short of a length, and swatted to deep midwicket at knee height.
1 run, full on off, the batsman rolls out another sweep, this is hit along the ground to long leg.
1 run, slower and fuller on off, eased towards point.
1 run, short and cramping him at the waist. Pulls from under it and it's well short of deep square.
1 run, takes the outside edge, but no slip in place! Full on off, but angling away from him. Tries to drive, and induces the edge. Races down to third man.
1 run, length at off stump, walks at it and punches to mid-off on the up.
1 run, turns this length ball on middle and leg past midwicket.
no run, length on leg stump, flicked straight to square leg.
1 run, now gets closer to the yorker mark, dug out to deep cover for one.
no run, a good length delivery outside off, moving away, punched away to cover again.
no run, looks to create room and the bowler makes him reach for the ball with a quick short one that skids past his attempted  slash.
1 run, length on off, steered to deep point.
1 run, good length on leg stump, and that's been whipped off his pads to deep backward square.
no run, pulls the length shorter outside off, the batsman steers it square this time.
1 run, full and into off stump. Very early into the drive and has to check it. Ends up well short of long-off.
1 wide, fired outisde off, and the batsman lets it pass. Goes just beyond the tramlines.
SIX runs, tonked over deep midwicket. Full and in the slot, just outside off. Gets a stride out, gets low and slogs this cleanly in that direction.
no run, short of a length and ripping past the outside edge as he looks to cut.
no run, length around off, stays in the crease and ends up chopping it towards the bowler.
1 run, looks to scoop this fine but is off balance, gets it high on the bat but this lands short of Mujeeb at short fine leg.  Mujeeb picked it late and was late to move forward .
no run, looks to go over the bowler's head but toe ends this back.
1 run, a slower length ball at the batsman, the batsman is cramped but manages a pull towards deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, fumble by Gopal at third man, and so another beautiful delivery, pitched up, outside off yields a result the Royals don't like. the batsman throws his hands at this too, gets a thick edge, and Gopal, running around on the edge of the boundary makes a mess.
no run, tries to pull a short one and misses as it gets big on him.
FOUR runs, good length and climbing up at leg stump, but the batsman swivels on the back leg and gets front-on before dragging this wide of mid-on with a pull shot.
no run, back of a length and spins in to cramp the batsman for room and ping the thigh pad.
SIX runs, full on leg stump and it's a freebie for Dhawan, as he goes for the sweep, doesn't hold anything back and it goes all the way.
1 run, this time the doosra, the length is too short though, punched to long on.
1 run, slower bouncer it seems, pulled over midwicket for one. Called one for the over.
1 leg bye, slight shimmy again, the bowler cramps him up again, another leg-bye.
1 run, carrom ball, that he pushes through to extra cover.
1 run, goes for a hoick, gets a thick inside edge towards deep midwicket.
1 run, pitched up on middle and off, driven down to long-on.
OUT, big grunt from the batsman as he has found deep cover to perfection. Tyagi misses the wide yorker by a foot or so, which means the batsman sees a six over cover, but ends up hitting this straight to the man. He is really upset with himself.
no run, length at off stump, pushed into the off side.
1 run, full, not exactly a yorker, drilled to long-off. Iyer has hurt his left shoulder while throwing this back.
no run, slower on middle, he's defending on the front foot.
FOUR runs, Parthiv hoicks it in the air and clears mid-on. Back of a length and outside off, swatted across the line, up and over Jadeja who's inside the circle.
no run, length ball just outside off. Angling into the batsman, and blocked off the back foot. Played to cover point.
1 run, length at middle, punched to long-off with the turn.
no run, the bowler beats the outside edge right away. Nice and full, angling in, then nibbling away late outside off. Rohit has a skittish poke and the ball nearly shaves the outside edge.
OUT, finally, they've managed to dismiss him! Back to the short ball, the batsman pulled, got a top-edge and it went high towards fine leg. Rabada ran from the circle and bumped into Tewatia who came in from the deep and took the catch rather easily. No damage done to either of them, thankfully, Rabada was only ball-watching.
1 run, legbreak, flat on leg stump. Gets on the front foot to clip it away through backward square leg.
FOUR runs, doesn't get all of this but he is going straight and it is straight enough of long-on. the bowler gives him the length. No pace taken off it. the batsman will keep coming at you if you do that.
1 run, on a length, outside off, pushed with an open face. A fumble at point gives them a single.
1 wide, sliding past the pads.
1 run, short ball at the body, the batsman is caught between ducking and hooking, in the end helps the ball along to deep squareleg with astonishing control, given that his eyes were never on the ball.
OUT, and he has got him again. Never mind the format, the team, the colour of the ball, the colour of the jersey. the bowler gets the batsman all the time. And great captaincy to have that second slip in. This length ball seams away from him, takes a healthy edge, and Stokes dives to his left, full length, to take it. the bowler to the batsman in all formats this year: 7 innings, 45 balls, 32 runs, 6 dismissals.
no run, short of a length and wide outside off. Wafts at it and is beaten.
SIX runs, and Rohit has had enough sighters. Snadeep bowls short at a gentle pace, and Rohit stands tall to pull this over midwicket. Six number 1.
1 run, short at the body, pulled with no control in the air towards deep squareleg but on the bounce.
1 run, short and wide outside off, the batsman secures a single to third man.
no run, almost chopped on! Good length outside off, and the batsman tries to cut it away. Bottom-edges it, and the ball just about misses the top of off stump.
1 wide, length around leg stump, slips down and called wide.
1 run, cramped for room, forces this nevertheless through cover off the backfoot.
OUT, the bowler wins an lbw appeal from umpire Chris Gaffaney. the batsman challenges the on-field out decision. DRS makes an appearance in the IPL. Is this swinging past the leg stump? Nippy inswinger from the bowler, pitches on middle and leg and swerves in to ping the pad as the batsman falls over the leg-side flick. The tracker suggests it would go on to clip the outside of the leg stump. Umpire's call it is and the batsman bags a duck on IPL debut.
SIX runs, steps out and wallops this over long-on, into the top tier. Super hit.
no run, well bowled. Quickish wrong'un angled across to off stump and spinning away further. the batsman doesn't quite pick it as he comes forward, trying to open his bat face and steer it square. Slides past the outside edge.
OUT, a relay catch at deep midwicket! Oh this is a leg stump full toss and Samad doesn't get a clean swing out at it. The soft signal is out. He reached out a touch and just flicked this in the end. Lockie covered the ground to his left, caught it, and then put in a backhand flick to long-on. They're checking it upstairs. His right boot, on the balancing step, comes very very close to the boundary padding. He is confident about it. And this should remain out given there's no way to conclusively say the foot touched the padding. There's hardly a ripple there. And yes, it does stay out.
no run, pings him on the helmet that's a snorter of a bouncer, rises up sharply and hits the batsman on the front of the helmet, while he was trying ot pull. Too quickly onto him, on a pitch that's slow - that is impressive bowling.
1 run, offcutter at a good length, not disguised well enough to trouble the batsman. Waits on that and guides to third man off the front foot.
SIX runs, walks across the stumps and lofts this to clear deep cover. This was a googly, he lined himself up perfectly and hit that super clean.
1 run, chaos! What has gone out there? The ball was tapped to point and Faf set off, and then stopped. Watto, too, had started to run, stuttered, and now he turns back. The batsman meet mid-pitch in utter confusion! There are shies at both ends, but they both miss and - eventually - Faf gets down the other end for a single. Phew!.
1 run, good length and just outside off, chopped to short third man.
no run, slower ball, on a length, and it beats the slog as it stays low.
1 wide, full and angling wide, the batsman looks to reach out and slice this over but misses.
FOUR runs, nice touch. Short of a length, gives him slight width, and the batsman gets off his toes to ride the bounce and guide this between point and short third man. Still the worst Powerplay in Sharjah this year.
1 run, short of a length, into the hip, can only tuck it away for one.
FOUR runs, 140.5ks, short and angled into the body, Faf is tucked up for room. He miscues a pull but does it fine of short fine leg to close out the Powerplay with four. Just like that CSK have taken 31 off the last two overs.
OUT, Tripathi under it! Full just outside off, and the batsman goes for another biggie. This time it's off the toe end of the bat and long off was manning the boundary. Seventeen off six in a innings run-rate of 11.69. An excellent cameo.
no run, pushed through across the left-hander, he is back and pushing this into the off side.
FOUR runs, oh yes. What a contest this is. the batsman with the rebuttal so to speak. This is short of a length across the corridor and he gets on the back foot to swat this wide of mid-on.
SIX runs, looked like he'd miscued that but flat bats it over mid-on and it carries all the way! It was a shorter slower ball, on off stump, he had to drag it a little but got hold of it and deposited it over long-on with a tennis forehand.
FOUR runs, drilled to long-off's left! This is driving length outside off. the batsman has taken a big step into the off side for the full ball that he expects there. Gets a little more than he expects  - a pretty friendly driving ball. Gets the front leg out of the way and opens the face to beat that fielder.
1 run, tossed up at leg stump, swept along the ground to deep square.
OUT, dragged on! Another offcutter does it for KKR. This is at a length outside off. the batsman splits his legs and looks to carve this but the under-edge gets it into the stumps.
no run, slower offcutter on off, defended back to the bowler.
no run, full on off, and straightens after pitching. Defended off the front foot.
no run, another fast wrong'un from Rashid. the batsman picks it off the pitch and jabs to cover.
no run, beaten by a cracking 142kph outswinger! He tried to drive on the up but it shaped late past the edge.
no run, length outside off, looks to drive, gets it to point off the thick outside edge.
no run, good length on middle, and he can only tap it towards mid on this time. Man there.
no run, shorter wrong'un, spins outside off, the batsman reaches out and chops to cover.
no run, length around off, comes forward and turns it towards short midwicket.
no run, and there is some swing for him, away from Dhawan, who lets it go through to the keeper.
1 wide, wide down the leg side again as the bowler looks to tuck the batsman up.
1 run, length on middle stump, clips to deep midwicket off the front foot.
1 run, short of a length, hit just to the left of midwicket for one.
1 run, starts with a wrong'un, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, length on the stumps, blocked back.
no run, short of a length, angling, pushed to short midwicket, who is in for the single.
FOUR runs, reverse sweep, and it's done effortlessly. He knows the bowler wil lbowl on leg stump. And that gives him a leg up. He knows a general area of where the ball will be, he knows third man is up, and he takes advantage.
no run, sharp delivery, hits the seam and jags past the squared-up batsman.
no run, full outside off, but sharp spin into his pads. Misses the defense and big appeal for lbw. Turned down though. Spinning too much, I think.
1 run, works this to short fine leg for a quick single.
no run, length and in at middle stump, hurriedly jammed back to the bowler's right.
SIX runs, slapped a long way over long-on! Back of a length offcutter comes at a nice swinging height, and swing he does, with feet firmly rooted outside leg stump.
no run, legth on off stump, blocked on the front foot.
no run, cuts to short third man for a quick single.
no run, bouncer at leg stump, 137.2kph, ducks under it.
1 run, good length on leg stump, dabbed to short fine off the back foot.
no run, short of a length, pulled to deep midwicket. No single again. Even Sandeep is happy letting Rashid have this net.
1 run, driven down to long-off.
no run, short of a length and just outside off, punched to extra cover off the back foot.
1 run, offbreak outside off, slices it to backward point and they sprint across for a quick one.
1 run, wide on the crease, angles a length ball in, pushed to the adjacent wicket for a single.
SIX runs, advances and lofts this beautifully against the turn over deep midwicket! What a magnificent shot. Classy footwork and timing.
OUT, appeal for the weirdest caught behind ever with KKR thinking the ball has come off the bottom edge, onto boot and then to the keeper. Soft signal is not out. The fun starts with a yorker, that the batsman inside edges onto his back boot, bounces off his back pad and settles in DK's hands. Third umpire rules it out, rightly. Boy, if ever there was a sign that this game is KKR's .
3 runs, full toss, he wants to go hard at it, but doesn't get the timing. Sends it straight back. Pollard's charging in from long-on to keep them to a single but fumbles. He has to scramble to prevent it from reaching the boundary. Fifty for the batsman, not one of his more fluent ones.
1 run, full on off, and the batsman tries to launch off again. Only this time he mis-hits it to cow corner, trying to slog through the ball's line.
1 run, on a length, but no room this time. Pushed with soft hands, and they take a single to cover.
no run, carrom ball? Draws a leading edge from the batsman. Not full enough for his push down the ground.
FOUR runs, overpitched and outside off - right in the batsman' swinging arc - he drills it away between the bowler and mid-off. Rasping drive.
no run, back of a length ball, given some width outside off. Parthiv slashes hard but can't get past point.
FOUR runs, drifts down the pads, and he sweeps this away, and gets it past the short fine leg stationed for him. Four all the way once he went past the infield.
1 run, full on leg stump, waits on that and flicks to fine leg.
1 run, slower offcutter now, 118ks, pushed to long-on for one.
2 wide, and the first legbreak doesn't turn the way he wants to. Full outside leg and going down the leg side. Rahul can't hold on to it either.
1 run, almost a yorker, he stays back and shovels it over the bowler's head.
no run, fuller length outside off, driven crisply off the front foot but straight to extra cover.
1 run, full ball, at the stumps, but this time his push towards the covers travels quickly to deep extra cover. Just one run, as the batsman rebukes himself for not having taken full toll.
OUT, he misses a full toss. A full toss on off that is very quick, the batsman misses it and the ball knocks off stump.
1 run, on a length, outside off, runs this down to third man for one.
OUT, full, 143ks, cross-seam, no room, the batsman looks to whip it to leg, but the slowness of the pitch means  he can send it only as far as the boundary rider at midwicket.
no run, hits the pad with a quick length ball, but it is a tough too high.
1 run, overcompensates by going full and wide outside off. Driven straight down the ground to long off.
no run, short of a length and cramping him at middle and off. Forced to defend to backward point.
no run, just short of backward point. Good length inswinger wide outside off. Checks his poke at this and ends up lobbing it in front of that fielder.
no run, on a length, outside off, extra bounce. Left alone.
FOUR runs, flicked past square leg. Full and into the pads. Waits on that and flicks aerially, but safely to the diving fielder's right.
no run, picked off the pads to square leg. There's a mix-up between the wickets. Stokes is nearly halfway down the pitch, but the batsman sends him back. The throw is to the bowler, and he does not gather it cleanly. Stokes dives makes it in the end. Run-out chance missed.
no run, trapped him in front and the finger's gone up but the batsman has chosen to review. And the replays show why! inside edge onto pad. Length ball that was moving in a touch from outside off, the batsman pushed at it and got a thin edge onto pad, which is the only thing that's saved him, because otherwise that was crashing into the stumps.
1 run, on a length, on the pads, nudged to short fine leg for one.
1 run, length outside off, punched to sweeper cover for an easy single.
(no ball) 1 run, full-toss above the waist, spliced over the off-side infield.
no run, quick bouncer, just 134ks on the radar, but this is quick. And on middle and leg. He ducks it.
1 bye, slower ball, hard length, beats his pull, and they take the bye as Pant fumbles. No ego from the batsman sending Kishan back.
no run, slides one back in from length, defended.
1 run, there's that deceptive trajectory right away, the batsman reaches out and gets an outside edge to third man.
1 run, good length outside off, and KW's cut takes the inside edge. Almost chopped on, but hits his pads. They take off for the single, and Mavi hits the stumps at the striker's end. Shakib's safe, though.
SIX runs, the batsman gets going. He is waiting for this length. Short of a length, around off, and he stays in the crease to pull this over midwicket.
2 runs, slower short ball, cut square of third man for two.
1 run, good length outside off, and that's been punched off the front foot to cover. Plays that while shuffling down the ground.
no run, back of length on off stump, the batsman gets on top of the bounce and defends.
SIX runs, bam. Flat, full, angling into middle stump. Not full enough to deny the batsman elevation after he gets his front leg out of the way and swings through the line for a flat six to the right of long-off.
1 run, dragged down a touch, the batsman jumps back and flaps at the ball, pulled down the ground amid a whirl of arms.
no run, 114.5kph, short of length around off, the batsman bends his back and looks to dab it past short third man, misses as the ball keeps coming in with the angle.
FOUR runs, drilled. Mitch has changed ends and changed length. It's full and in at middle stump - perfect for the batsman to have a swing at it. And he does, four on the bounce at long-on.
1 run, low full toss just outside off. the batsman simply pushes it towards wide long off for a single. Wants two, but sent back by Binny.
1 run, full on off, and he backs away to slap a shot to Stokes at deep extra cover.
1 run, wrong'un! Outside off, and spinning into his pads. Flicked to the midwicket boundary.
1 run, still swinging it in, the batsman gets a thick outside edge to third man for one.
SIX runs, leg-side fuller ball, and he gets maximum reward for it. Just times a flick off his pads and heaves it right over backward square leg. Top timing.
1 run, short, and he goes back and plays this away towards long leg.
1 wide, bouncer down leg side, left alone.
no run, short ball as de Villiers shapes to shuffle across again and it's too quick for him as he swings and misses.
no run, driven but can't pick the gap, straight to cover point.
1 run, rolls off the pad to square leg as they scamper a leg bye.
no run, 134 kph, full outside off, driven to cover for nothing.
1 run, full outside off, comes forward and pushes it mid-off and takes off for the quick single and makes it.
2 runs, good length and slanted into the thigh, flicked out to deep square.
no run, wide of the crease again, short and springs off the surface outside off, the batsman reaches out and carves to point.
1 wide, tries the wide yorker and it's gone a bit too wide.
2 runs, length ball on the pads, moves towards the off side and flicks it off his hips for a couple of runs behind square leg, Parthiv had to sprint in the end to make it.
1 run, flat on middle and leg, punched to long-on from the back foot.
OUT, what a weak shot from the batsman. Can you believe he has holed out to long-off at Sharjah to a ball right in his slot? This is just a chip. Need to be going harder at them. That is a poor shot. This ball is right in the sweet slot.
OUT, that's a toe-crusher that's been missing from the bowler's repertoire for a bit! Right on target, tailing in on middle with the batsman hanging back, finds him plumb in front.
no run, turn with the new ball. Beaten.
no run, blocks a length ball on off stump.
1 run, on a length, on off, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, inside edge again. Good length and sliding onto the stumps. QDK looking to make room for the punch into the off side.
1 run, nice looking straight drive to a slower ball on leg stump. He didn't try to hit it too hard though and long-on comes around to collect.
1 run, offbreak, starts straight, concedes a leg-bye even though he has beaten him.
1 run, short of a length and across the corridor. Punched to sweeper cover.
1 wide, length around middle, nips back in sharply but goes down the leg side.
no run, pushed through on off, presses forward and bunts to point.
1 run, full outside off, driven to long-off.
FOUR runs, outside edge past slip and into the boundary. Full and swinging away in the corridor. Looks to drive through cover first up but survives.
FOUR runs, lifted over cover! Pressure shot, and sent for four. Full just outside off, and he clears the infield. Good use of the bottom hand.
1 run, full and wide outside off, reaches out and drives along the floor to deep extra cover.
1 run, good length on middle and leg, and worked off his pads to square leg for a quick single.
1 run, slower ball, full on middle, pushed to mid-on.
no run, the batsman backs away outside leg, swings hard and is beaten by a slower ball from the bowler.
FOUR runs, drags it one-handed to deep square's right. He's done by the slower short ball, but the typical elongated hands as he looks to pull means he has a chance yet. Uses that left hand to place this.
1 run, length around off, stays beside the line and punches it towards cover-point for one.
no run, slowed it down nicely, hint of bounce off a length, DK defends.
2 runs, short of a length, straight, the batsman goes back and inside the line, and helps this past short fine leg for two.
no run, chopped into the pitch. Playing for the googly as he's rooted on the back foot, but this spins back in and he nearly chops it on. Rashid with the lbw appeal, bat was close to pad.
1 run, good length and slanted in at middle stump. Backs away and pokes into the covers.
no run, outside off, yorker again and the batsman chops it to backward point.
FOUR runs, he brings out a ladder and reaches this wide short slower ball, and manages to cut it perfectly in the gap between short third and point. He will need some chalk after this.
SIX runs, launched over deep midwicket! In the slot and he swings this away powerfully over the man on the rope and over the fence!.
1 run, length and in at leg stump, flicked to deep square.
1 wide, the batsman jumps down the track and throws Mohit off his line and length. Short and sprayed wide of off, off-side wide.
1 run, driven firmly to cover, Rahane misfields but it wouldn't have mattered because they've taken a single anyway.
no run, he doesn't move his feet at all for the googly. It turns in from well outside off and beats the bat.
no run, back of a length and outside off, defends.
SIX runs, slower length ball again from the bowler. the batsman is ready for it, and pounces on it as he carts it over long-on.
SIX runs, deposited into orbit! Slower ball, full on off, and the batsman clears his front leg before drilling a really high six over long-on. People in the stands run for cover.
no run, good length on leg stump. He stays on the back foot, and fends it back to the bowler.
1 run, full and into leg stump, flicked through square leg.
no run, slower short ball, loses shape as he swings early on the pull and gets beaten.
no run, huge lbw appeal turned down and KL reviews again. Good length ball slides past the inside edge as he gets forward to defend and catches him on the back thigh in front of middle stump. Ultra Edge confirms no bat on it. Tracker shows that is missing leg stump by climbing over it. So a decent shout from Paul Reiffel and KXIP are out of reviews with that.
2 runs, wide of the crease, short of a good length and wide outside off. Flat-batted slash at that ends up to deep square's left off the thick inside edge.
OUT, hits it straight to mid-off! Dube's dream IPL 2020 with the ball could become an actual thing here. Gentle good length ball just outside off, steps out and sort of yorks himself - or cramps himself for sure. Can't get the swing through it to go right of or over ABD. Hit its knee height.
1 run, follows the batsman as he backs away. A low full toss is bunted down to long-on.
FOUR runs, full, wide outside off, and the attempted leg-side slog comes off the bat's toe end. Finds the gap between deep midwicket and long-on.
1 run, full outside off, and another yorker that the batsmanD can't put away. Driven to the man at deep extra cover.
to Sam Curran, 1 run, good length and pushed wide across him again. Seems a plan and he's stuck to it so far. Curran looks to hammer it through the off side, gets an under-edge to extra cover.
OUT, trapped in front, length ball pitching outside off and coming in with the arm, the batsman goes down the sweep it fine but misses as rapped low in front of off and middle.
SIX runs, length ball, no room as it angles into him, but he makes use of the inward curve to launch it over long-on.
no run, length ball from around the stumps, comes back into him, and he defends this.
no run, carrom ball first up to the left-hander. It dips even as the batsman stretches forward to reach it. Misses the flick and hits the pad.
(no ball) FOUR runs, this is not SRH's night at all. the bowler slips in a high full toss, and he sweeps it over short fine. No-ball for height too.
1 run, good length just outside off, whipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, length outside off, the seam-up delivery, pushed to long-off.
1 run, length ball on off, hacked to long-on.
no run, short of a length outside off, nudges it straight to point on the up.
no run, back of a length and zips away in the corridor, the batsman hangs his bat out and is beaten on the outside edge by this near 140kph dart.
no run, tosses it up outside off, Prabhsimran drills it back to Nabi.
1 run, length ball outside off, and turning away further. The googly is cut away to point.
no run, back of a length outside off, the batsman stands tall and punches to cover from the back foot.
2 runs, length at middle stump, clears the front leg and creams this on the up. Sam Curran flies to his left at mid-off and can only parry it for mid-on to clean up.
1 run, length ball on leg stump, stays tall in the crease and chips this to deep square's right.
no run, shapes to cut, but this is the googly, and after pitching outside off, it snarls into the right-hander, nearly pinning him lbw.
no run, uses his feet to create some room, and the bowler fires it short and wide. He plays an ugly heave towards short cover.
SIX runs, smashed read hte slower one that time, it was on a half-volley outside off, right in his swinging arc and he frees his arms to send this into the third tier at long-on.
1 run, back of a length on off, steps back and punches to the covers for one.
1 run, quick yorker, dug out into his own toe, and they take a quick single.
no run, appeal for caught-behind and stumping both turned down. A regulation spinner from the bowler, pushed through flat outside off. the batsman looks to poke through the covers and can't get bat on it.
SIX runs, in the slot and he makes it disappear! the batsman sees the flight in this and immediately clears the front leg and goes gung-ho down the ground. Spectacular hitting.
1 wide, a slower ball, too wide outside off though. And called.
OUT, holes out to long-on. Didn't get to the pitch of the ball, went through with the lofted it, but no elevation. Straightforward catch to Pollard. End of a magnificent innings.
FOUR runs, regal pull shot. Short, outside off, and he pulls the pants off it. In front of square it goes. One-bounce four again.
2 runs, back of a length just outside off, and he drags it to the midwicket fielder. They scamper across for one.
1 run, makes room to punch this length ball to deep cover for one.
no run, length ball at off stump, gets right behind it to defend into the covers.
2 runs, down the track and looks to work it on the leg side, the bowler follows him, a leading edge goes through extra cover.
OUT,  scoops this straight to de Grandhomme at fine leg!  This went a mile in the air as he walked out to expose all three stumps and scoop, the ball went a mile, was swirling high and handsome, but de Grandhomme kept his composure to pull off a difficult catch. Is that the game? What a game.
1 run, fullish, clipped to long-on.
1 run, drags this sweep to midwicket off a thick inside edge.
SIX runs, cracked flat over midwicket! What a shot! Fractionally short he sat back and flat batted this like a bullet to the gap at midwicket and it hits the advertising triangle on the full! Goodness that was some shot.
3 runs, in the air but safely over midwicket. Slower ball at a length outside off, clears the front leg and heaves at it. No control. Off the inside half and now we're seeing if Tripathi has touched the rope or not as he puts in a brilliant slide to his left, having run from deep square. It looks like he's just managed it too. And the infielder had tracked back to pick up his throw. Brilliant. The crowd loves this.
SIX runs, a length ball that nicely sits up for him outside off, around the fifth or sixth-stump line, and the batsman mows it over long-on with a clean swing of the arms.
no run, tucked off the pads to short fine leg.
1 run, oh, he's done it! the bowler's done it. A yorker outside off that Rashid can only drill down to long-on. the bowler takes flight. So close yet so far for Sunrisers.
2 runs, falls short of Mayank at deep midwicket. Parthiv miscues a pull. That gets too big on him. Slices it uppishly and it hangs enticingly for the fielder who pauses just a fraction before sprinting in and putting in a dive forward.
no run, full and quick, around off, 142 kph, guided to point.
OUT, the bowler hushes the Chinnaswamy into silence. He goes short and outside off, the batsman upper cuts it in the air and holes out to Karun Nair at deep point.  the bowler gives Kings XI hope. RCB need 10 off 11 balls.
no run, length around off, comes forward and defends.
1 run, length ball around off, punches it towards long-off.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, Smith muscles a pull to deep midwicket.
no run, beaten on the cut. 143kph. Short and wide outside off, steps out and has made too much room. Swishing under that in the end.
SIX runs, the batsman's done it! His final act in IPL 2019 is hitting an extra cover drive off a full ball for six, while giving himself room. Full ball and he shows his extraordinary timing, and sending it zipping through the air and over the boundary. Pick him for the World Cup already, England! Just do it.
no run, the perfect wide yorker, with a tinge of away swing to beat the batsman's reach.
1 run, back of a length, but sliding down leg. Worked away into the gap at backward square leg. Fine leg cleans up.
FOUR runs, top-edged over the keeper! Short on middle, and he goes for a wild pull. Catches the bat's edge and RCB collect four more runs.
1 run, uppish as he pushes at this length ball, and it goes wide of point for one.
1 run, another short ball, this skidded through, doesn't get hold of the pull, down to deep midwcket.
1 run, dropped short and wide outside off, the batsman makes additional room by backing away. Slapped away to the off-side sweeper.
1 wide, good length and very wide outside off, left alone.
FOUR runs, length outside off, no swing there and the batsman drags it across the line to mid-on's left for four.
1 run, on a length, on the pads, worked away to long leg for one.
1 run, length at the stumps, swiped to deep square.
1 run, short, and he goes back and flays this towards deep midwicket. Just a single for his troubles.
no run, tossed up full outside off, and the batsman drives with the spin. Excellent stop by Russell at cover though, diving forward.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length at off, cut to sweeper.
1 run, flighted on middle and off, and the batsman attempts the late cut. Mistimed to short third man this time.
no run, slower ball, on a length, beats him with the offcutter.
no run, length, and he flicks this away, and short midwicket dives away to his right to stop them from looking for runs.
FOUR runs, short slower one angling into the batsman's hip, and that's nicely played, rolls his wrists over on top of the bounce and helps it to the left of short fine leg. Brings up his fifty too. He's looked so good today, a completely different player to the diffident one from earlier in the season.
1 run, full outside off, opens the face and sliced to sweeper cover.
no run, another slower ball, pushed to mid-off. Good end from Mumbai.
1 wide, looks to follow him, and the bowler goes too far down leg.
FOUR runs, too short on middle, and the batsman is quick to swivel and pull. Hit very square and there's no one there in the boundary. Collects another four.
no run, advances down the track and slogs a length ball towards mid off.
1 run, low full toss outside off, looks to go inside-out over extra but can't time this too well. Just a single to sweeper's right.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, whipped to deep square's left.
no run, short and spinning away outside off. Under-edge as he goes too hard on the cut.
no run, a slower ball outside off, tapped to point. Played in front of square.
no run, length ball slanted wide outside off, slashes and misses.
1 run, punched to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, short arm jab over midwicket! Back of a length on leg, and the batsman comes dancing down the wicket. Gets in position early, and then swings through to the leg side.
no run, much better from Sran. Stick to the basics. Good length on middle and leg, defended back.
1 wide, fast! Back of a length on middle, and angling down the leg side. the batsman ducks under it, happily.
2 runs, good length on middle, the batsman manufactures room and slices it in the air over mid-off. Williamson runs back from mid-off, dives, then swivels around swiftly to stop the ball from the reaching the boundary. Excellent work from Williamson.
2 runs, good length and turning into the pads. Goes back and turns it past Finch at short fine.
no run, good start. On a length, just outside off. Defended.
SIX runs, swung over the ropes at wide long-on. Down on one knee to wallop this length ball across the line. There's not much turn, just skid and he hammered that from outside off.
1 wide, good length and very wide outside off, left alone. Bit of movement away.
OUT, the bowler holds his own against a batsman intent on dominating. the batsman jumps out of the crease, and he bowls a slower one at 121ks. He is way early into the shot, and ends up holing out to long-on. the bowler is over the moon.
1 run, on-pace, and the batsman won't be happy that he has taken just the single to deep point.
no run, back of a length, closer to off stump this time, punched crisply to backward point.
2 wide, slower ball, wide down leg, and Karthik fails to collect this half-volley to his left. Another bye on top of it.
SIX runs, slower ball again, and this time he latches on to it and smashes this over midwicket. Big six!.
1 run, full and wide outside off, hangs back and chucks the hands at that. Thick outside edge trickles to third man's left. Tiwary sprints and puts in the boot. Curran says no to the second.
no run, length on off, cuts back in sharply and through the batsman.
no run, full just outside off, and defended with the bat's open face to point.
3 runs, Prithvi Shaw having a shocker! An eaaaaasssy catch dropped. A flighted legbreak outside off, the bowler has done the batsman in all ends up. So he goes after a slog sweep, gets a thick outside edge at head height to slip. The ball just goes through his fingers, and then he looks at the ball, doesn't even go after it. Very sloppy work.
1 wide, fires this flat and down the leg side. Called wide as he misses his mark.
FOUR runs, good news for the bowler: the free hit hasn't gone for six. Bad news: it has gone for four. Short of a length, not wide, but the batsman gets enough power with an open face to clear point.
no run, wide half-volley outswinger, driven straight to short extra cover.
no run, length just outside off, closes the face and punches to mid-on.
1 run, Short has a direct hit with an underarm flick from extra cover. Williamson has made it. Third umpire confirms. Dhawan blocked this length ball off the front foot.
1 run, full on middle, and he meets the ball on the front foot. Drives back past the bowler, and very nearly carries to the bowler. Warner, at mid off, slides across the ground to intercept. Stops a certain boundary.
no run, beaten on the inside edge. Cuts back in, that one. Good length ball that lands on the seam. He's looking to drive through cover on the rise.
no run, short, wide, turns away, slapped to point.
1 run, back of a length on middle stump, punched to long-on.
FOUR runs, flat and full outside off, but the batsman is quick to spot the length. Goes down on one knee, and bunts it towards the leg side. Manages to play it between deep midwicket and wide long on.
FOUR runs, back of a length and width outside off, Axar flat-bats it fiercely through the gap at the covers.
2 runs, short ball, outside off, and he swings this away towards midwicket. Some good running allows him to come back for the second.
2 runs, full slower ball, wide outside off. Sliced to sweeper's left.
1 run, backs away to a shortish one and slaps it to deep point.
no run, slower offcutter, on a length, the batsman looks to cut it and is beaten.
no run, good length outside off, tapped straight to mid-off on the up.
no run, on a length, angling in, no room. Pushed back to him.
1 run, short and sliding into middle stump, mistimed pull to deep midwicket.
OUT, goes round-arm again and it works. the batsman is reaching out to this ball outside off. There's no pace on it too. All that means he has to put in all the power and he just doesn't have any at this stage of the innings. A tired shot. A tired dismissal. But Hyderabad loves him. He walks off to raucaous cheers and he sends a kiss there way. It's his last game this season, will he win it?.
1 run, short ball, and he comes forward looking to get this towards midwicket. Goes off the top edge, and lands just short of long on. Two in two, where he could have been out.
1 run, legcutter, 120ks, short of a length, just around off, pushed towards mid-on for one.
1 run, a length delivery outside off, 135 kph. Dabbed away down to third man for a run.
2 runs, gets a faint tickle, Bumrah comes around at fine leg to cut that off. Didn't get enough bat on it.
no run, plum length ball, the batsman looks for the big hit, misses, is hit on the pad. They appeal for lbw, not given as it is headed down leg, but DC still review it because, well, we don't like early finishes in the IPL. Missing another set.
OUT, length, turns back into him, and it's given out leg before. the batsman was going across the line, and he has asked for a review! Rashid seems to have done the job, as there is no visible inside edge. Straightened after pitching just on middle, and would go on to hit leg. Another wicket lost, and so is the review!.
1 run, drifts in a quicker delivery on middle and leg, worked towards midwicket.
no run, short of a length and turning away outside off, through his cut too soon as this grips in the pitch.
1 run, back of a length on middle stump. the batsman stays on the back foot and punches it past the bowler's left. Man at long on though.
1 run, full ball, he looks to go towards long on, and gets an inside egde on to his pad and it trickles away towards short cover.
1 run, gets up off his toes to pull the short ball away to long leg.
no run, beaten by an outswinger. Full and wide outside off, static feet as he has a swish at it.
no run, another swing and a miss. Oh, jeez, he's been done in non-existent turn here. Expects it to come into him but it simply comes on with the arm outside off.
FOUR runs, drilled to the extra cover boundary. Overpitched and wide outside off, gets a nice forward stride and brings down the axe on this.
1 run, good length on leg stump, hangs back this time and clips to midwicket's right.
FOUR runs, nails the sweep to deep square's right. Full on middle stump, gets down and makes contact so sweetly on this. Head right on top of the ball.
no run, shortish slower one pitching outside leg. Steps across to try and pull, and he misses. Doesn't miss the glove by much and the umpire doesn't call wide.
1 run, Ishant aims a full one for Watto's pads, a single into the leg side the result.
2 runs, tossed up at off stump, drives with the turn to long-off's right.
no run, plays with softer hands this time, and keeps this down and to mid-off.
1 run, full slower ball at off stump, flicked off the inside edge to short fine.
1 wide, fired wide outside off, and turns further away. Will have to rebowl this one.
1 run, length outside off, pushed to extra cover's right for a single to bring up an excellent fifty.
SIX runs, there is no margin for error Moeen is in some touch. This ends up as half-volley outside off and he unleashes a punchy cover drive, doesn't bother to keep the ball down and doesn't need to, because it goes right over the boundary.
1 run, some pace? 137 kph, back of a length down leg, hurries the batsman. A thick inside edge onto the thigh and then towards point.
no run, length outside off, looks to run it down, misses.
2 runs, fuller ball, and he gets this away with a slightly angled bat towards midwicket. Will pick up two for this.
1 run, good length and into off stump, front leg across and patted to mid-on.
1 run, chops this to short third man and they sneak in a single.
1 run, the yorker nailed again, and he can only dig it out for a single to long-off.
1 run, full, outside off, driven with an open face, gets a single to deep cover.
no run, slower ball, short of a length, but because he doesn't have the pace, he can't find the gap between point and short third man.
1 run, full and wide outside off, the batsman stretches out and slices a single down to third man.
1 run, back of a length, down leg though. Nudged down to fine leg for one.
no run, seam-up, nice and full on off, the batsman stretches out and defends it back to the bowler.
no run, short and just outside off, looks for the pull, gets it onto the pads off the inside edge.
no run, swerves back in a long way, length quite full, squeezed into the covers.
FOUR runs, short of a length, on off stump, and he cuts this, and Krishna lets it through, fielding at a short third man position.
2 runs, dropped at deep square. Chahar has ages to settle under this, but he has misjudged it and has to put in a big dive in the end. Dhawan gets down for a sweep, but the extra bounce takes his too edge. Chahar does the rest.
no run, short of a length and pushed across the off stump. Slashes and misses.
1 run, tossed up, round the wicket, nudged to the leg side.
no run, length outside off, driven to extra cover.
FOUR runs, outstanding shot! There's the skill he has with boundary-hitting. It's his first of the day, but he works it so well, making room outside leg, and even after the bowler follows him with a short ball, trying to cramp him, the batsman doesn't panic and simply lifts it over mid-off because there's no one in the deep.
1 run, tries the big hit into the big side of the field, the leg side. Mis-hits it for a single.
no run, full and in at middle, driven to extra cover.
no run, length, fired in on the pads, tickled straight to short fine-leg.
2 runs, stays short of a length, and this time he goes along the ground with the punch. To the left of deep cover this time. Gets a couple.
no run, appeal for caught behind, but not given! What did that touch, the Mumbai players wonder, but they choose not to review. Good length on middle and zipping straight through. the batsman tried to flick it square off his pads, but the ball missed his bat and took the top of his pads.
2 runs, short on off, the batsman rocks back and picks it up aerially towards long-on but to the man's right which allows a couple.
FOUR runs, there's the winning runs! Full, just outside off, and Axar drives over cover to collect the two points. Delhi Capitals win by 4 wickets. RCB go 0-6.
1 leg bye, length on the pads, the batsman walks across further, which probably did not allow the bat access to come through, gets a leg bye to squareleg.
no run, good length outside off, but nice swing into the batsman. Defends it off the front foot to cover.
1 run, full on off, and that's been caressed down the ground to long on. A walking single on offer.
1 run, back of a length on the hips, the batsman stands tall and forces it down to long-on.
no run, pushed onto the back foot, that's a good riposte, hitting the splice hard with that strong seam position.
1 run, moves across to pull this length ball to deep square leg for one.
FOUR runs, round the wicket, drops short and Dhawan is back and crunching a pull, gets it through again - starts the over with a boundary.
no run, googly on a middle stump line, pushed anxiously back down the pitch.
2 runs, overpitched down leg, worked away into the gap at midwicket for two. Fifty for Suryakumar, a terrific innings.
1 run, top edge but with the ball going only as far as the 30 yard circle, and everyone on the leg side in the deep, the batsman's very very safe.
no run, good length at off stump, defended from deep in the crease.
1 run, slow in the air, the batsman has to check his attempted off-drive, and plays this to deep cover for one.
1 run, full and wide outside off, carved away to deep point. Top over, just four off it.
1 run, length ball, at 145ks, middle and leg, hits him high on the bat. Single to long-on.
OUT, slower ball at a good length on leg stump. Looks for the slog and skies it up pitch side. the bowler yells mine and settles under that to take the catch and close any realistic mathematical chances for SRH.
FOUR runs, can't stop this. Short and at leg stump, pulled firmly to Natarajan's left again, and this time he's not close to it.
1 run, short and just outside off. Check-pull down to long-on as that stops on him.
1 run, length at off stump, pushed into the covers from the crease.
FOUR runs, bang! The boss is in! And he shows the young tyke what's what by clearing the front leg and drumming a short ball to the straight boundary. O-u-c-h!.
no run, back of a length, just outside off, and he mistimes the slower ball back to Bhuvi. That's four dots in a row.
2 runs, and now he bowls a slow loopy legbreak, takes the thick outside edge and rolls past short third man.
no run, looking to drag a flick, but the ball has smashed Suryakumar on the box! That's going to hurt for a little bit. Back of a length on middle and off, 142 kph. Suryakumar misses and wears the blow.
OUT, taken at long-off. Bring out the same banners, it's the batsman gone softly again. Somehow, even after a good start, Rajasthan have managed to be three down with lots of overs to spare. This is poor batting from the batsman. It's a good length dipping ball wide outside off. He's stuck halfway between slapping this over extra cover and driving it for a single to long-off. Has only managed to loft it to the fielder after reaching out wide for it.
OUT, slower ball, and he looks to flick this, but hasn't timed it all. It goes towards long on, where Rutherford doesn't need to move a muscle as it comes straight into his midriff. Foxed by the change of pace, and the batsman is put out of his misery, just when he was probably beginning to find his bearings.
1 run, another ripper of a yorker, squeezed to cover but they chance a run. Williamson misses a direct hit at the striker's end. Gill would've been walking back had that hit. Had three stumps to aim at.
1 run, quick, on a length, no room, punched to long-on.
no run, slower ball, in line with the stumps, the batsman tries to force it through midwicket. No luck.
1 run, bit of width outside off and he drives it nicely into the covers for one.
1 run, rushing on with the arm, and the batsman swipes out into the deep on the leg side.
1 run, dragged down on off, the batsman can't put this away either. Hauls a pull to deep square leg.
SIX runs, sweetly timed! the batsman Singh with a top-class shot. It's a length ball wide outside off and he gets his weight down on his back thigh as he reaches out and uses his wrists nicely to slice it over point.
FOUR runs, slower ball, full outside off, and that's been smoked! Drilled through the covers and Chennai Super Kings 150 to win IPL 2019!.
no run, full toss outside off, driven straight back to the bowler.
no run, full on off stump, driven back to the bowler off the toe-end.
1 run, some grip and spin, but the batsman's back and across to nurdle into the leg side.
no run, yorker! Perfectly done straight and full. and he squeezes this off the inside towards the keeper. Parthiv Patel has a shy at the stumps but the batsman is home. Wants to steal a single off the deflection, but the fielder at point converges on this quickly.
OUT, straight to mid off! the batsman's first failure this tournament. Full on middle, and the batsman looks to check-drive straight. But it's found Morris.
1 leg bye, strays on the pads but it also cramps the batsman for room. Struck on the pad, one leg bye to short fine leg.
2 runs, legbreak, on a length, soft hands to go wide and short of long-off so that he can come back for an easy second.
no run, length ball angling in, there's a gentle little nip back in off the pitch to kiss the inside edge as it hit the pad.  A very thin inside edge!  Decision overturned. As an umpire, it's really, really hard to spot such minute deviation off the bat. Correct decision in the end.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length outside off. Pulled to long-on.
SIX runs, slog sweep against the turn, but to the shorter boundary, and Patel has connected this well enough to clear deep midwicket.
2 runs, short and just outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
1 run, touch short and spinning away from off, punched to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, misfield by by mid-off too full and Parthiv cracks an off-drive, but Shardul lets it through his legs while running in to try and attack the ball.
SIX runs, fifty with a reverse-swept six. A brute of an innings tonight from Kishan. Gets in position quickly to this full ball outside off and lofts it over point.
no run, lovely end to the over. Not short, just short of a length, and it pitches on leg and seams away to beat his edge.
1 run, slower outside off, legspinner this time, the batsman opens the face and steers it to short third-man.
1 run, short and on the leg stump, the batsman pulls it towards fine leg, only a single.
FOUR runs, finds the gap. the bowler's inconsistent lines have been punished this over. This is short, regular pace and at leg stump. At his regular pace, that's an invitation for an easy pull. Rohit accepts and puts it wide of short fine.
no run, another sharp short ball, this time beats his top edge on the pull.
no run, full slower ball outside off, pushed into the covers.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, hits hard to deep point for one.
1 run, tossed up on middle and leg, gets to the pitch and whips this to long on.
no run, slower ball, and the batsman, who is stuck in the crease, mistimes it to mid-off.
1 run, slower ball at a length on off stump. Steps out and drives to long-off.
1 run, driven firmly to long-off.
no run, length ball around off, comes forward and steers it towards point, was looking to sneak in a single but Jadhav sends him back wisely.
1 run, slower ball, it's the knuckle ball he's been practising perhaps? Held on the pitch and the batsman was too early into the tuck, gets a thick leading edge that floats past the bowler. Not near enough to attempt a catch.
2 runs, low full toss outside off, hit off the toe end, straight of long-on. Jadhav puts in a dive to keep them down to two.
no run, good length and into off stump, defended towards square leg off the inside edge.
FOUR runs, the ball slips from Samad's hands at the boundary and two turns to four. Legcutter, good length and just outside off. Gets down and brings out a miscued slog sweep. Samad sprints to his right at long-on and picks up with his right hand, but it looks like the swing of the hand has met his leg and he's lost his bearings.
no run, on a length, just outside off, punched straight to cover.
no run, nudges to midwicket.
FOUR runs, crunched over extra cover! the bowler switches it up from a plan that seemed to be working. And he bowls an overpitched ball with a lot of width outside off. Curran camps in the crease and drills this on the bounce into the advertising boards.
no run, shorter, outside off, and it's dabbed down to gully.
1 run, a cutter at 120kmh on leg stump, the batsman guides it into the off side.
1 run, dabbed wide of point, down to square third man.
no run, length on off, punched straight to cover.
no run, crunching drive but straight to extra cover.
no run, 148 kph, takes a hit! This is a short ball following the batsman, pitching on off stump and cutting into him nastily. the batsman has no time to deal with it. Ends up fending at the ball, which somehow sneaks away towards the covers.
FOUR runs, over extra this time. Length outside off, dips and beats the batsman in flight. But he's down the track and he goes through with the shot. Inside-out, and beats long-off's sprint to the left.
no run, on the pads from the bowler, a hint of away shape. Worked away to midwicket.
no run, fuller on the stumps, comes forward and pushes it towards the bowler.
1 run, how did you do that the batsman? Ridiculous stuff! An inswinging yorker coming in at middle stump. He opens his stance, and digs it out to third man from less than a yard in front of the stumps.
1 run, lucky to get away with a juicy full toss, punched to long on.
OUT, the batsman's gone! Hits the deck hard, the batsman is cramped for room as he top-edges his pull, and Krishna, I think, takes the catch   just   as he and his team-mate at mid-off converge behind the bowler and all but collide!.
FOUR runs, short and just outside off, waits on it and uses the angle to stab this to short third man's left.
1 run, bunts this short of length delivery to cover.
no run, good length at off, defended down the pitch on the front foot.
1 run, reaches out to the short ball outside off and pummels it to deep square leg.
2 runs, the batsman is not going to die wondering. Skips down the wicket, and punches this shortish ball past extra cover for two.
no run, swing back in straight up, length outside off, swung appreciably through the air, the batsman stays back and defends.
to Tewatia, 2 runs, short of a good length and wide outside off. 134.7kph. Slapped on the up to sweeper's elft.
SIX runs, top edge flies fine. It's a short ball angled down leg. He's cramped on the pull but fine leg is in and he makes no effort to try and control this.
1 run, short now, gets off his toes to slap it on the bounce to sweeper cover.
1 wide, good bouncer. the batsman bails out after shaping up for the hook. Oh he has got this just too high. Called wide.
2 runs, full and wide outside off again, throws his hands at this again, down one knee. Not quite timed. Beats extra cover to the left.
1 run, on a length, into the pads, pushed wide of midwicket for one.
SIX runs, plonked into the dug-out! Plants the front foot, swings through the line, clean over long-off! Old Mystery 1 New Mystery 0.
1 run, back of a length on off, and that's been comfortably pulled to the fielder at deep backward square.
1 leg bye, length ball on the pads, looks to tuck it away behind square, misses but will get a leg-bye.
no run, on a length, middle and leg, stays away from the slog-sweep. Another dot. Two overs without a boundary.
OUT, end of the batsman's adventure. And what a good one it's been for him. Showed two gears and the team will be very happy with him. It's a carrom ball floating away from him outside off. He slogs and gets it high in the off side. Easy catch in the infield.
1 run, gets away with full toss, swept along the ground and straight to deep straight midwicket.
1 run, down the track and driven down to long-on for a single.
1 run, full inswinger at middle stump. Check-punches to mid-off's right.
no run, darted into off, he defends on the front foot.
no run, left alone! Length ball, outside off, and swinging inwards slightly. the batsman takes a big stride forward and then shoulders his arms.
FOUR runs, short on leg stump, and this is cattle fodder for Rohit. Rides the bounce and pulls over the square-leg umpire with ease. No chance for fine leg either.
FOUR runs, and again! There was a hint of venom in the last stroke from the batsman, but this one is all class as he leans into a cover drive, on the up, and threads the gap between cover and mid off.
no run, good length just outside off, and the bowler takes the pace off this time. the batsman rides the bounce and fends it towards the leg side.
no run, on a length, straight, pushed towards mid-on but Jaiswal makes a superb save from short midwicket.
1 run, on the bounce! A slower delivery on leg, 98 kph, may have been too slow for the batsman. Pulled to deep square leg.
no run, keeps it back of a length again but follows the batsman that time as he was giving himself room and coming down the track. the batsman steers it to the right of point and wants a single, but Dhoni refuses. There was a single there.
no run, good length and just outside off, clipped to midwicket off the back foot. That was turning in to him.
2 runs, yorker just outside off, half crouch as he feels for this and opens the wrists late. Only a chip to sweeper's right in the end.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended down the pitch off the front foot.
no run, flatter one at 92kph, de the batsman was playing back but gets his bat down in time, an inside edge on to the shoe.
no run, googly, short and wide outside off. Beaten on the cut.
no run, length and just outside off, blocked on the front foot.
no run, lifter outside off, the batsman aims cut it away but is beaten by extra bounce.
2 runs, good length on middle stump, and the batsman comes down the wicket to tap it towards cover point (Boult). The throw from there is awry at the non-striker's, and that allows SRH to steal another run.
1 run, slider, short, wide, cut away for one to deep point.
2 runs, short of a length just outside off, backs away and cuts to sweeper's left.
1 run, short of a length, on off, pushed wide of cover for one.
1 run, another near-yorker. A low full toss hit to mid-off for a tight single, and the batsman is hit on the foot by the throw and is down on his haunches. A direct hit would have got the batsman here.
1 run, overpitches, this has bee belted to wide long-off. Siraj was sent to the ropes prior to this delivery precisely for this.
SIX runs, backs away, and picks up a carrom ball and goes inside out. Powerful, as he sends it deep over long off.
1 run, a gentle little nudge to deep square leg.
SIX runs, the switch hit for six! A low full toss on middle and leg, Kishan knows the bowler is trying to take the ball away from him with googlies. Helped along over deep backward point.
1 run, full and into middle stump. Looks for the flick, gets an inside edge onto pad that deflects into the covers.
FOUR runs, short of a length, sees a little room outside off, and punches through the left of cover for four.
SIX runs, big sweep. Not much turn on this length-ball carrom ball and he sweeps this just over deep square for six.
SIX runs, flighted on middle stump, and the batsman's picked this length early! Down on one knee, and slog swept over cow corner. Not timed extremely well, but enough behind the batsman's swing to take it into the stands. First six off Rashid this season.
no run, short of a length on off stump, defended solidly on the back foot.
1 run, inside edge as the batsman defends a good length ball on off stump, but Rayudu pulls his partner through for a quick single and makes it despite a direct hit from Ishant, who ran the length of the pitch and underarmed it on target.
no run, yorker at a leg stump, looks to clip this but can't get it off the pitch.
SIX runs, full outside off, and that's in Hardik's arc. Gets down on one knee, and slogs it over deep midwicket. Sweeeet!.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, pulled firmly to deep square.
1 wide, length ball, down leg side and past the flick.
1 run, full outside leg, expecting the batsman to back away. Aimed at his toes, and all he can do is clip it towards deep midwicket.
no run, short of length outside off, the batsman stays back and steers it towards cover.
1 run, googly, at a length and outside off. Swept to deep square's right.
no run, good length and just outside off, jabbed to short third man.
FOUR runs, he swings hard at a short ball outside off, gets a top edge, and it clears short third man with ease.
FOUR runs, short, wide and that is the freedom the batsman needs. He might be getting on a little, but this is some brute force. Cut in front of point for four.
SIX runs, a flat six! Just over the deep square leg fielder. A short delivery around leg, pulled away towards Agarwal on the boundary. He leaps, but the ball is just too high.
no run, full, and he looks to go big, but misses. Fast from the bowler, and just outside off.
1 run, lofted out to sweeper. Another miscue from the batsman. Good length and outside off, walks down the pitch and loses his shape.
1 run, turns this flatter one on leg to square leg, they scamper a quick single.
1 run, length again, just outside off, punched towards long-on off the back foot.
1 run, yorker speared in at middle stump, backs away and jams it towards long-off.
1 run, offbreak, on a length, around off, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, length ball on middle and leg, comes forward and flicks it towards short midwicket.
2 runs, jumps out and lofts this to sweeper's right. Good length outside off, steps out for the drive.
FOUR runs, length on middle, he shuffles across and tickles it fine for four.
SIX runs, hasn't started well. This has been pulled into the deep square leg boundary with some style and nonchalance. Rohit picked the length early and allowed his timing to do the rest.
FOUR runs, another bouncer, hooked away with eyes off. Manages to get a four to deep square leg. NRR boost for CSK. CSK and NRR, tell me of a better love story.
no run, gets the yorker in, all the batsman can do is drive it into the off side pressure building on Watto.
1 run, full on middle, and the batsman plays another inside-out drive past Murugan's left. Long-off cleans up.
1 run, inside edge as the bowler goes wide of the crease late and changes the angle on him. It's length and it's at middle. He looks to slog but it's into his pad before rolling out to short third.
1 run, full ball, on off stump, and he slaps this down towards deep midwicket.
SIX runs, into the stands Vijay the batsman's confidence is showing. goes down on one knee and slog sweeps him over the midwicket fence.
2 runs, another carrom ball, driven wide of-long-off for two.
FOUR runs, no third man, so he'll get a four. Went for a big slash over point, ended up slicing it away.
no run, usual leg break, which hardly spins, much slower on the off stump and he defends again.
no run, stays back in the crease to turn the ball from well outside off to leg, but doesn't connect.
1 run, again bowls that length to deny him an aerial hit. Right at his heel. Dug out for a single to deep midwicket. Hardik Pandya does well to deny them the second.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, makes a bit of room and punches to deep cover point. I guess this was the fielder who dropped back when midwicket came into the circle.
FOUR runs, full just outside off, and this time it's been caressed! The last one was brute force but this was pure timing. Proper front-foot straight drive past the bowler.
FOUR runs, uff that is some power. the bowler finally comes back to the batsman with a straight ball, and he clears his front leg and swings those tree trunks at it. Back over the bowler's head this goes for four.
1 run, yorker on middle stump, and Virat does well to dig it towards cover. Only a single.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and nudged away to point.
1 run, whips this length ball on middle to deep midwicket.
no run, good length and sliding onto middle stump. Defended into the pitch off the back foot. It bounces past the stumps.
FOUR runs, look at that drive from Rohit! Gets room to free his arms outside off, and he sends it caressing along the ground with some timing and power for a cracking four.
1 run, googly, full and wide outside off, chopped out to sweeper cover.
OUT, length outside off, another slower ball, de the batsman is early into the shot, gets some elevation but no distance, and skies it straight to deep cover. the bowler pulls it back Mumbai's way, but de Villiers will be on strike.
OUT, that's a hat-trick for Shreyas the bowler! Full, just outside off, and the legbreak is driven straight. But it's hit in the air, and mid-off gets behind it. Smith holds on to the batsman, and the bowler is doing a Tahir!.
SIX runs, helicopter shot with Dhoni looking on! The audacity! Love it. Full, on off, and Hardik stays really deep in his crease before letting his bottom-hand do the rest. The crowd roars!.
1 wide, that one will be a wide though. Well outside the tram line.
to Saha, no run, full at off stump, 136kph, flicked straight to short midwicket.
1 run, on a length, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, half chance put down by the bowler. Dug this in short and quick, the batsman went for the pull, gets it very high on the bat and the ball pops back straight, dipping on the bowler in his follow through. He goes down but can only get a finger tip to it.
FOUR runs, Rabada drops. This short ball gets big on the batsman, who pulls this more high than long. Rabada moves to his right at long leg, gets to it, but can't hold on. He is a few yards in so he has to leap. Had he been on the fence, this would be an easy catch.
no run, length ball, around middle and leg to cramp the batsman, the batsman was looking to flick it away, misses, an appeal for lbw but not out, probably pitched just outside leg and seamed in a bit as well.
OUT, fails again! Full on off, and he tries to drive this with the bat's open face. Off the bat's toe end, and pocketed by Bravo at point. He's dancing!.
no run, length outside off, leans into the drive, finds extra cover.
no run, misses out. Short of a length, pitched outside leg, short fine leg is up. But he finds the fielder.
1 run, yorker, outside off, dug out to long-on, and they take just the single. Beats me why. Why won't you keep running till you are run out?.
1 run, back of a length, cuts into him, whipped off the pads to deep backward square leg.
1 run, works this half-pull from outside off to deep backward square leg.
1 run, a googly on off, tapped to cover for one. He read that well did Mo the batsman.
1 wide, oh dear, that's slipped out way too wide and he'll have to try again.
no run, beaten outside off! Beautiful leg break from the bowler around middle and off, tempting the batsman to lean forward and defend, and then it turns away past the outside edge.
1 run, not afraid to flight it, and lucky the batsman mistimes it. Landed full outside off, and he tries to slog towards the leg side, but off the bat's toe end. Goes to cow corner.
no run, slower ball this time, the batsman is squared up and takes his hands off the grip to get a thick edge, Samson dives to his left to stop that. Excellent glovework.
SIX runs, stunning! Steps out and lofts this through the line to clear long off effortlessly.
1 run, punches this length ball down to long on.
no run, beaten by the dip and turn, slices the drive on the bounce to point.
1 run, length, flicked from outside off to midwicket.
1 run, short of length outside off, goes back and cuts it towards sweeper cover.
no run, slower short ball outside off, swings too early and misses the pull.
no run, floats away wide outside. The release is like Ashwing's away-floater, for those who have seen it. And it seems to be his stock ball. the batsman beaten as he looks to poke at this.
no run, chopped hard into the covers, where a diving stop saves runs.
1 run, dabs this down to third man.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. Right down to the pitch of the ball, opening up the front leg, and drilling this over midwicket for four.
SIX runs, the batsman takes on the long boundary as the bowler pitches short, but he has those Popeye biceps behind it. Goes over deep midwicket with ease.
1 run, played this towards short midwicket, and set off immediately. The direct hit at the non-striker's end has him scampering, and he just about makes it .
no run, on a length, straight, punched to straight short midwicket.
2 runs, dropped at long-off by Archer. Some indifferent fielding from him there the last few overs, run-out aside. Slower ball at a length outside off, looks to launch this straight on the rise and Archer is under it with a reverse-cup. Almost too soft with the attempt, the balls just bursts through.
FOUR runs, flat-batted back over the bowler's head. This is poor bowling from the bowler.
FOUR runs, clever bowling and adjustment, the result is four! Dhawan charges down and the bowler responds by darting it down leg, it's flat and quick, and Dhawan manages to get enough bat to send it away fine for four.
1 wide, another wide yorker attempted, another wide.
no run, slower bouncer, outside off, and squeezes under the batsman's attempted pull.
1 run, short of length on middle and leg, nudged into the leg side for a quick single.
FOUR runs, he takes out the reverse sweep now for the ball on off stump. Fine leg was in and all he had to do was clear that fielder.
1 wide, slower ball, short of a length and down leg side. Samson gets his body behind this after diving to the left. Stokes from slip picks that up and throws at the no-striker's end where Kishan was diving after being sent back. Was safely in and there was no direct hit.
OUT, another full toss taken at long-off. Slightly more complex, this take, but Pandey keeps his balance. Full toss wide outside off, spanked off the front foot and this dips to Pandey's left. Has a hurried sprint and then keeps his bearings after catching that.
no run, full outside off, defended.
SIX runs, clobbered deep over deep midwicket! Stands his ground and simply swings through. the bowler dragged it down and got punished.
no run, short of a length and skidding on outside off, mistimed cut to extra cover's right.
1 wide, another bouncer. Slower ball too, it appears. But it's too high for him to connect.
no run, good length and at the stumps, pushed back down the pitch.
OUT, in the air and taken! Is that the match? Jadeja with a brilliant catch. the bowler slows it up, rolls his fingers on this back of a length delivery, and miscues the pull in the air. Jadeja charges forward and puts in a perfectly-timed dive forward to complete an amazing catch. CSK back in this. Remember, Yusuf is not at 100 percent.
no run, past the outside edge. 142kph, rising up from a length. the batsman defends for the angle into him and is caught inside the line.
no run, another googly, flatter and outside off, presses forward and jabs to short third man.
no run, low yorker outside off, almost a low full toss and the batsman gets a tiny edge to the keeper.
1 run, slower length ball, can't get enough power on this slog and it bounces well short of midwicket.
2 runs, slower ball, full toss, dips late on him, clipped to leg for two.
1 run, goes for the sweep again and connects but there is a deep square leg.
no run, crazy spin! Good length outside off, but sharp legspin after hitting the surface. the batsman just stayed on the back foot and let it go.
no run, was lining himself to pull but beaten by the pace, ends up defending back.
SIX runs, muscled over deep midwicket! Presumably this is what the left-hander was sent out to do, take on the leggie. It's another googly. Good length and at middle stump. A clean slog sweep, and effortless to get that 76 metres in midwicket's direction.
1 run, full into the pads, he whips this through square to the sweeper.
FOUR runs, this full toss has gone wrong. Not low, not wide. High and straight with a straight field, allowing him a free hit square on the leg side.
1 run, length ball angling into leg stump, worked away to deep square leg.
2 runs, back of a length outside off, turning into the batsman, and worked off his pads to square leg.
1 run, good length on off and angling into him. Turned off his pads to deep midwicket on this occasion.
1 wide, wide down the leg side.
no run, stumping appeal sent upstairs. Googly tossed up outside off. the batsman beaten on the drive. Foot went up briefly but is just back in. He survives.
FOUR runs, pumped straight over the bowler. Full at middle stump, deep in the crease waiting for it and a clean loft to get it over the boundary, one bounce.
no run, backs away and cuts this tossed up delivery straight to point.
2 runs, good length at leg stump, flicked to deep square's right with the angle.
1 run, full outside off, driven long the ground to sweeper.
1 run, similar length and outside off, the batsman stays leg-side of the ball and jabs with an open face to deep third man.
1 run, some cut back in off the pitch surprises the batsman as he blocks the ball with soft hands and trots across to the other end.
no run, falls short of mid-off. Length ball outside off and the batsman pummels it on the up towards mid-off. It dips on him and he might have dived if it weren't for the batsman's power behind it.
1 run, a bit of flight, drops onto a nice length on off stump. Drives without really getting fully forward, the ball rolls away through midwicket off the inner half of the bat.
1 run, brings the length shorter and the ball doesn't bounce much but the batsman stays back to whip it to leg.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked to deep square's left.
1 run, shortish, some width, slapped away to the sweeper at the cover boundary.
FOUR runs, short wide, and the batsman keeps chugging along. Upper-cuts this over the ring. Brings up his fifty. Back where he belongs.
2 runs, full and straight, some swing. the batsman works the ball through backward square leg for a couple. He had to get bat on it because it swung back in.
1 leg bye, full just outside off, and flicked towards the leg side.
2 runs, short of a length, outside off, punched beautifully on the up, finds the gap through cover.
FOUR runs, the batsman ventures down the track, back of a length and angling across off stump, opens the face and slices it away to the right of a diving DK.
OUT, Given LBW! Rishabh the batsman reviews. This looked plumb. He hung back in the crease, tried to whip a leg break, hit flush on the knee. Bruce Oxenford put the finger up straight away. No bat involved. Ball tracking says out! Pitched in line, hit in line, hitting middle and leg.
2 wide, slower bouncer, well down the leg side. Samson dives to reach this on the half-volley but can't prevent the bye.
FOUR runs, good length outside off, and that's been cut furiously past point! Proper cricket shot, and that breaches the infield. KKR getting a move on, now.
no run, full on leg stump, and he pushes an inside-out drive to mid off.
1 wide, a short ball to welcome DK. Pitches on off and gets big on the KKR captain. He ducks under the line of the ball.
1 run, very full on middle, rolls his wrists and sweeps to deep square leg.
no run, a good delivery to end, the bouncer on leg. the batsman ducks underneath.
1 run, length on middle stump, steps out and pushes on the rise to long-on.
FOUR runs, glorious. What a world class T20  batsman this guy is. Has a superb instinct for the poor ball and the field. Length outside off, just gets his weight into it and drives all along the turf, to long-off's right.
OUT, swept, but straight to deep midwicket! Full just outside off, and Hardik tries to drag a sweep to the leg side. So sweetly timed, but without the elevation. Taken by Vijay Shankar near the boundary. Hardik goes for a strike-rate of only 100.
1 wide, slower through the air but heading down leg, past the sweep. Leg-side wide.
1 run, just back of a good length, angling into the right-hander, tucked off the legs.
FOUR runs, lovely shot, picks the wrong'un, goes back, makes room, cuts this from in front of off, and picks the gap at deep cover.
FOUR runs, too much flight, reaches out to loft this over extra cover. Quality stroke.
1 run, pushed out through the gap at cover point, just the one.
1 run, tossed up, straight, and he punches this down to long on.
no run, full just outside off, and the batsman's through with his drive too early. Slices it, but just short of Markande at point.
1 run, full just outside off, and that's been muscled away to deep point. The ball went squarer than he would've wanted.
1 run, on a length, angling into the pads, clipped away for a single to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, length ball outside off, gets a big stride in and sweeps against the turn to bisect deep square and deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, there's the orange cap! Good length on off, and angling into the batsman's body. Waits on the backfoot, and pulls this - along the ground - to wide long on. Man there in the deep, but he's just a spectator.
2 runs, full on off from the bowler, and the batsman goes down on one knee to paddle this over the keeper's head. Calls for two, and comfortably comes back.
1 run, short ball outside off, looks to slice it past short third man but Lynn gets down quickly to his right, making extra sure he doesn't land on his problematic shoulder.
2 runs, full slower ball outside off, gets down on one knee and slices this to sweeper's right. Kohli swats it into the ground after running t his right.
2 runs, wide full ball, driven in front of cover-point, but the dive there gets a touch on and saves two runs. Kohli is the fielder.
no run, full, outside off, driven hard, but straight to cover.
1 run, as expected, he bowls short and wide, with no turn, and the batsman cuts to deep point again.
SIX runs, too short, and doesn't matter if you are an offspinner or a legspinner if you bowl that length to the batsman. He sits back, swivels, and pulls this over square leg.
FOUR runs, lucky there. Slower ball, short outside off, the batsman cuts hard, gets a top edge, but it somehow goes wide of short third man.
2 runs, just clears cover. Length ball outside off, gets a stride out and looks to lift that over the infield on the up, but that comes off the toe end and plonks into the turf past the back-pedaling Stoinis.
OUT, two in three! Rashid pulls things back. A flat googly outside off, Moeen reverse-paddles the ball from the back of the bat. It's a significant deflection, but Goswami gets his gloves to it, and parries the ball up and takes the rebound. Not the worst shot from Moeen, but another fantastic catch.
FOUR runs, Jadeja drops it at deep midwicket. Sharma seems to be beaten by the length of that leg-side boundary but he survives. Slower short ball outside off, hoicks it Jadeja's left. He makes his ground, to his left, and seems to have taken his eyes off it late. Trickles into the boundary behind him.
SIX runs, length ball, and he has ramped this down to fine leg. For six! It was delivered at 143kph, and he just uses the pace of the ball to turn it over where long stop might have been.
no run, on a length, wicket to wicket, defended back to him.
1 run, goes back of a length again, and the batsman taps it down the ground to long on. No real power, which perhaps, allows them to take the run in the end.
1 run, another mis-hit but he nearly gets a six. Once again he is beaten in the flight, but the shank nearly clears long-on. Parag at the fence jumps to try to catch it and lob it up for a rebound, but doesn't manage to take it clean. However, he makes sure he doesn't concede six and sends the ball back in before he lands beyond the rope.
SIX runs, slogged over wide long-on. Full and fast outside off again and this time he gets forward and hits with the turn, and cleanly.
1 run, tries to loft it with the turn this time, doesn't quite middle it but gets one to deep midwicket.
1 wide, slower short ball, too high, called a wide.
1 run, on a length, middle and leg, pushed square of short straight midwicket for one.
SIX runs, clears the long-on boundary. That looked like it was off the low part of the bat. Yes, it was. Length ball wide outside off and he dragged it across, but it went high and certainly had enough power.
1 run, short of a length and into leg stump, clipped to deep square off the back foot.
1 wide, short and well down leg side. QDK leaps a long way to his left to gather.
FOUR runs, blam! So much bottom hand! Over-pitched, in the arc, and utterly butchered for a one-bounce four through long-off.
1 run, fuller around off, right in the slot, the batsman lofts it towards long-on, only a single.
1 run, good length and into leg stump, a slower ball, flicked to midwicket.
no run, short of a length, outside off, and he has hit this too well to be taking a single to mid-off.
1 wide, once again, back of a length wide outside off, and the batsman opts to let it go.
no run, almost chops it back. Short of length outside off, the batsman goes back to cut but it spins back sharply, AB at leg slip makes the stop.
1 run, low full toss, dug out for a single to long-on.
1 wide, flat and wide outside off, outside the tramline.
1 run, length on middle, pushed to long-on.
no run, back of a length, but very wide outside off. the batsman did shuffle across to the off side, but failed to connect with the cut. Through to Pant.
1 run, right into the blockhole, squeezed to long on.
1 run, short and climbing away from middle stump. Looks for the flick, gets a leading edge that off the thumb and handle to short third man.
FOUR runs, helps the pull over Mishra at short fine. Too short and angling in from wide of the crease and he was ready for this.
1 run, slower length ball again, slapped to deep cover.
FOUR runs, swiped with the pace and angle to long leg. They'll check if that's hit the padding on the full. This is short of a length and onto his thigh. Stands tall and rotates the upper body to help this along. Fine leg is inside. It's hit the padding on the bounce.
no run, short of a length, backs away and punches to cover.
FOUR runs, glorious from the batsman. Leans into this full ball outside off, makes use of the allowance - mid-off is in - and makes him fetch it. Hobbles immediately after. Looks like an ankle thing.
SIX runs, and he finishes it with a six. Fuller around off, the batsman comes forward and frees his arms to send it over long-on. And that ends SRH's three-match losing streak.
1 run, Mohit falls on his back at short third man after missing a run-out chance. Back of a length and angling across off, the batsman leans back, and dabs to short third man. He sets off and Narine gets a life.
1 run, slapped uppishly down to long off, the ball falling well in front of the fielder.
no run, length and in at off stump, defended down the pitch off the front foot.
1 run, length ball, into the pads, worked to leg for one.
no run, pitched up outside off, drills this uppishy towards mid-off.
1 run, back of a length just outside off, and he clubs an attempted pull off his glove. Ball rolls away to short fine leg.
no run, knuckleball that cuts back in to take the inside edge onto the pad as the batsman looks to go off side. There's plenty of grip on this surface for the slower ones.
no run, back of a length on off, and he ducks under the ball's line. Through to the keeper. Solid end to Ishant's bowling-spell.
1 run, short and up in the corridor. Aerially deflected towards third man with an angled bat.
2 runs, full and outside off, the batsman presses out and inside-edges it past leg stump to get off the mark after nine balls.
1 run, full, angling into a fourth-stump line. Clips it to the left of mid-on and they take a fairly comfortable single, even though there's a direct hit at the bowler's end.
2 runs, and now the batsman looks to joins the party. It is a length ball, within the batsman's swing, and he looks to go over wide mid-on. But again he hits it off the inside half of the bat. Early into the shot. Signs that this is not the easiest pitch to bat on.
no run, full at off stump, opens the face and drives to cover point off the toe-end.
no run, too cheeky, and Shardul gets away with a wide. It was full, but wide outside off, and the batsman tried to paddle it. Misses, but the umpire chooses to give the bowler the benefit of the doubt.
1 run, full and wide outside off. Kishan chooses to reverse sweep, but Stokes is there at deep point.
1 run, tossed up, and he drives this past cover.
1 run, low-arm slider on the pads, 97ks, worked away through backward square leg.
1 run, the bowler goes for a length ball, the batsman swipes across it, gets a massive top edge towards third man. Rabada is kept fine there but he can't get to it. And for the second time tonight, he recovers well after having been done in by the spin.
FOUR runs, crunched past mid-off. Overpitched and a bit of width outside off. Nice pace on that for the batsman to get forward, open his arm and hit through the line.
1 run, back of a length on middle stump. the batsman goes deep onto the back foot and muscles it to midwicket.
1 run, length on off stump, runs it to short third and reacts very late for the run. Would have been out if the throw had hit the stumps at the non-striker's end.
FOUR runs, crashes it down the ground. This is brute force. And it's not really a Rohit thing. He relies on timing and the genius of his bat swing. But here, seeing a length ball outside off, he just pulverises it to the long-off boundary.
no run, length on off, defended to point.
1 run, full on middle, punched past the bowler, to mid-on's right for one.
no run, sharp bouncer. Registers only 129ks on the gun, but it has got good carry. the batsman is beaten on the hook. They appeal to try their lick on the glove. Not given. Not reviewed.
SIX runs, length on middle, the seam-up delivery that slides in, the batsman picks it up with the angle and slog sweeps it over the deep squareleg fence.
1 run, full on off again. Drives it down the ground - against the spin - to long off.
no run, change of pace, bowls it quick, at 137ks, short of a length, and the batsman is hurried into the push. the bowler fields in his follow-through.
1 run, good length on leg stump, and the batsman swivels to pull. Off the bat's inside half, and only to the man at short fine leg. Enough time to steal the single.
SIX runs, that is why the batsman doesn't need to push for twos. He gets one in his slot, on middle and leg, and dismisses it over wide long-on for six. Disdainful.
4 leg byes, slips a length ball down leg, the batsman helps this along to beat short fine leg. Off the thigh pad, missed the bat. Races away.
no run, another dot to the batsman, flat down leg. the batsman misses a flick, struck on the pad.
1 run, full and wide, an offcutter, driven to deep cover for one.
no run, good length at middle stump, leans in and tucks this to midwicket.
1 run, on a length, no room, slogged to deep midwicket for one.
no run, another shot that is hit off the inside half of the bat. Every time Kishan has looked to hit pace down the ground, he has been hit on the inside half of the bat.
1 run, glided down to square third man.
1 run, short and just outside off, carved to sweeper off the back foot.
OUT, slower short ball, and the bowler has his second wicket with an attempted ramp going nowhere.
2 runs, short of a length, tucked away past mid-on for two.
FOUR runs, width outside off, the batsman takes advantage and drives it through a gap at cover able to free his arms.
FOUR runs, squeezes it past cover. Realllyyyyy had to stretch for that. Slower ball, short and very wide. That took a long time coming and wasn't off the middle, but it had enough to trickle away tantalizingly.
FOUR runs, punched between extra cover and mid-off. Timing spot on so far for the batsman! Just short of a good length and he's behind the line once more, lovely balance and the full face offered.
no run, backs away to slap this over point but misses this high full toss. Keeper put his gloves out to stop that. Wasn't far from being over the waist.
1 run, pivots on the back foot to pull, it's a slow bouncer and the batsman mistimes it completely, it hits his arm and they run across for one.
no run, good length on off stump, defended off the back foot.
2 runs, steered fine down to the third man fielder! Sodhi's dive stops the boundary. It was a length ball outside off, that DK opted to open his bat's face to.
1 wide, dropped too short this time. Way, way over the batsman's head.
OUT, strikes, Buttler has finally taken a catch. This is slower and fuller outside off, the batsman looks to work this to the leg side, but gets a thick edge as it cuts away late and this is well taken by Buttler diving to his left.
1 run, gets this to bounce off a length but the batsman dabs this gently wide of cover for a quick single, very good understanding between these two. Mere eye contact and off they went.
1 run, length ball on off, and nudged off his pads to backward square for a walking single.
1 wide, full and down leg side, beaten on the sweep.
OUT, caught at deep backward square! This was a short drag down, the batsman was back and pulling this high behind square but he picked out Jadeja! He hit it straight to him. Could have hit that anywhere. the bowler has three.
OUT, Ashwin takes a tumbling catch while avoiding Gayle back of a length off-cutter, and Dhawan wanted to pull it hard, but because of the movement, he got it off the toe-end and sends it up swirling in the air to deep midwicket. Ashwin ran back and had it well covered, but Gayle was also converging. In the end, Ashwin did well to hold on to it and avoid a collision with Gayle. Ashwin ran from mid-on, Gayle was running back from midwicket.
1 run, gets away with that. Another poor ball, actually much worse than the previous delivery. It's a full toss on the pads, CdG picks out deep midwicket.
no run, banged in short, the batsman leaves. Umpire signals one bouncer for the over. He shaped to pull but decided to let go late.
no run, length ball hooping away in the corridor, defended solidly into the covers.
1 leg bye, slow legbreak on leg stump. Looks to stretch out and flick, misses it, and it rolls off his pad into the square leg region.
1 run, fuller around off, comes forward and pushes, a thick outside edge behind point.
no run, Is Parthiv run out? Tossed up on middle, the batsman camps back and plays it back to the bowler. the bowler collects the ball cleanly, sees Parthiv straying out of the crease and taps it back onto the stumps. Parthiv, however, has enough time to slide his bat in.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, whipped to deep square off the back foot.
SIX runs, where has he hit this? Don't worry, deep into the stands at deep midwicket. Down on one knee, underneath the flight as he picks the bones out of the slog sweep. The perfect swing, a golfer's delight. This is some batting, right out of the top drawer.
no run, back of a length on off, and the attempted pull is mistimed to mid-on.
no run, good length on middle stump, pushes forward to flick straight to midwicket.
no run, back of a length on off, cramping the batsman for space. He tiptoes to nudge a shot towards midwicket.
1 run, back of a length, punched to deep cover.
FOUR runs, outside off, wrong 'un, and the batsman picks this, and guides it down to third man. Delicate late cut to bring up fifty!.
1 run, another yorker, this one shaping across the right-hander. Vijay is squared up as he blocks, getting a single to point off the outside half of the bat.
no run, seam movement?. On a length, middle and leg, lands on seam, moves away, beats him.
1 run, good length outside off, miscued slog this time. Down to long-on.
1 run, back of a length on off, and that's been chopped to short third man for a quick single.
SIX runs, Moeen on faaaya! A short delivery on off and middle, the batsman pulls fiercely and beautifully over square leg for six. A front-foot pull, that's how much T20 batting has changed.
1 run, length ball that kept a touch low, the batsman works this from outside off towards midwicket.
1 run, googly, short of a length and turning away outside off. Cut to sweeper's right.
1 run, flatter once again, this one touch on off, steered wide of short third man.
no run, yorker on leg stump, and the bowler can't believe it's not hit leg stump. the batsman backed away towards the leg side and the ball went between him and the stumps.
FOUR runs, full on off, the batsman dances down the wicket and uses his wrists to dropkick it over midwicket and into the boundary.
no run, length outside off, steered to point.
1 run, slider on off, whipped across the line to long on.
no run, it's taken some convincing but Warner takes a review against the lbw decision. Gwhip this. the batsman is pinned in front of the stumps on the back foot, struck around the knee roll as he tries to glance. But that has pitched outside leg and they lose the review. Keeper and bowler looked convinced. Tracker also shows the ball was climbing over leg stump.
1 run, charges down for the 142kmh delivery but it angles into him from around the wicket and he gets an edge onto his pads.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven to long-off.
FOUR runs, starts with an arm ball, which leaves the batsman after pitching, but Rohit late-cuts it between point and cover-point.
no run, full and outside off, skips away in the channel, 143.6ks, the batsman is late onto a drive and is beaten for pace and late swing.
no run, short and skidded across him once again. Goes away and away as he shapes to cut and he's beaten again.
2 runs, short outside off, pulled with a swivel to deep square's left.
1 run, full, into the pads, worked into the leg side for what looks like a couple but the batsman slips while turning around.
no run, length on off stump, punched on the rise to mid-off.
1 run, slid in at off, inside-edged behind square on the leg side.
no run, flighted, outside off, and he plays this with the turn away towards point.
1 run, advances down the ground to a length ball and punches to long-on.
1 run, slower short ball at middle stump, pulled to deep square.
SIX runs, ramped up and over third man! It was short from the bowler, and quite quick too at 136km/h. the batsman backs away and lifts his bat up at the ball at the last moment, ramping his uppercut over the fielder at third man.
no run, beaten. It was there for the slog, length-wise. But was quickly past him outside off as he looked for the wrist flick again.
SIX runs, pulled over fine leg. He's good at this shot. Short and just above the hip and he's under it quickly and this is quickly over the rope off the bat. Ball's lost somewhere in the stands.
FOUR runs, Make that four in four. This is a fine ball, though. Wide yorker. the batsman jams his bat down on it and digs it past the right of the keeper and left of short third man.
SIX runs, backs away, Axar drifts this into his swinging arc and the batsman muscles this over deep midwicket. Onto the top tier.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended down the pitch.
no run, shorter and angling away outside off, guided with the angle to backward point.
no run, turn the bowler's getting to spin like Murali! Pitched on a length and spun sharply across Dube, who was flummoxed.
no run, length outside off, doesn't come on, Dhawan throws his bat at it and gets a thick inside edge back to the bowler.
no run, punches this length delivery to cover.
SIX runs, launches it over deep midwicket! He's got such fast hands against spin, especially through the leg side, and the bowler, by going round the wicket, is feeding that strength.
no run, skiddy delivery outside off, left alone. Very close to the wide line.
1 run, short of a length and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
no run, short of a length, outside off, crisp hit, but can't beat Parag at cover-point.
1 run, full on the pads, makes room and pats it on the off side with the fielders hanging on their heels and they complete another single.
1 run, good length on middle, breaks away, tipped to the covers.
no run, wanted to go for the pull again, but misses.
1 run, full, nearly a yorker, dug out to leg for one.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off, and cut away to point for a single.
2 runs, short ball just outside off, pulled firmly off the front foot to deep midwicket's left. Loud call for two and Jordan does his part brilliantly.
no run, length, and he goes back to cut, but misses. Not far from the outside edge.
1 run, slower ball at a length outside off, crisp square drive on the up, straight to backward point.
no run, nearly a return catch. the batsman looks to go to leg, and this length ball sits in the surface and hits him high on the bat. Doesn't carry to the bowler.
2 runs, short of a length, outside off, punched in front of sweeper cover, and this time they take Thakur on and come back for an easy two.
1 run, good length curveball away from off stump. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, length and skidding in from outside off. Doesn't pick it. Wants to drive through the covers, but it's down to long-on off the thick inside half.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length, short-arm pull. Just the single to deep square.
1 run, walks into the off side and the bowler follows him. Full and dipping away outside off. Lofted towards long-off.
1 leg bye, walked across his stump and wanted to paddle-pull it over short fine leg but only gets a thigh pad to square leg.
1 run, back of a length close to off stump, shuffles across to work it through square leg.
no run, good length at off stump, gets forward and nudges to point with the turn.
1 run, good length and sliding into the legs, right in his swinging arc, but the batsman loses his shape and drags an inside edge onto the pad. Slower one it was.
1 run, length on off stump, tapped to mid-off on the rise.
no run, on middle stump, and the batsman uses the angle to nudge it towards square leg.
1 run, full on off, driven out to long-off.
1 leg bye, length, jags into him, the batsman shapes to pull, but completely loses his shape in doing so. Hits him on the inside of the thigh, as it trickles towards point.
1 run, flat on leg stump, makes room for the back-foot chop to deep point.
1 run, looks for the paddle sweep, doesn't get the full length, but goes ahead with it and takes a single.
1 run, full on off, pushed to long-off.
1 wide, slower length ball but errs in direction. Way down leg.
no run, length and closer to off stump, Rohit rocks back and defends to point.
1 run, short and across off stump, cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, nice and full on off stump, opens the face and dabs a single to backward point. Rayudu swoops down on the ball but does not connect with a direct hit at the striker's end. Parthiv would have been out he had nailed the stumps.
1 run, full on middle stump, hurriedly driven to long-on's right.
OUT, tapped tamely to cover! Akshdeep was much too early into this push to cover as the bowler rolled his fingers over a 134km/h cutter. The ball ballooned off the bat and presented Mandeep with the very simplest of chances.
no run, fast! Back of a length, on off, and the ball whizzes past the batsman's bat. Misses the attempted cut.
1 run, good length and nipping away outside off, shuffles and uses the pace to guide that to third man.
2 runs, full and wide outside off, flayed wide of sweeper cover for two.
no run, past the edge again. Dangles it slow and wide outside off. the batsman forward and half-hearted in that poke.
no run, misses the off stump by a whisker. Length ball around off, Umesh lunges forward but gets beaten.
1 run, steps out and whips this towards square leg.
no run, full, just outside off, he makes room to drive, but can't beat cover-point.
no run, slower ball on off, punched to cover.
1 run, works this indrifter into the leg side for a single.
no run, very full, starts outside off, and thuds into the pad and rolls to short third man.
1 run, flighted, and lands full on off. the batsman takes a big stride forward, gets to the pitch of the ball, and then drives through the delivery's line. Goes to long off.
1 run, leading edge but it finds its way through to long-off. Karun tries to come down the track, the bowler pulls his length back, the batsman plays against the turn, and what little comes off the pitch, produces a mis-hit.
1 leg bye, good length at leg stump, looks to whip it behind square and is struck on the pad.
1 run, length at off stump, gets deep in the crease and glances into the square leg region.
1 run, short of a length slider outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, short and sliding away outside off, would have been an off-side wide had the batsman left it. Instead, he chops to cover.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched to deep cover.
1 run, full and just outside off, looks for the reverse sweep and is beaten. QDK doesn't gather though.
FOUR runs, easy peasy. That'll feel nice. Googly gets stuck in his hand a little and is very very short and almost looping down on the batsman as it goes down leg. Helps it along to the backward square boundary.
nan
FOUR runs, shuffles across early and this one nips away off a back of a length and finds the outside edge of the batsman as it runs away to third man.
no run, slows it down, good length on off. Watchfully tapped into the covers off the front foot.
2 runs, short of a length on middle stump, pulled to deep square's left.
1 run, back of a length outside off, punched to deep cover.
3 runs, slower ball, back of a length, the batsman backs away to drive this in front of deep cover where Samson makes a diving save and manages to stay in.
1 wide, the batsman jumps a long way outside leg, the bowler spears it outside off, away from the reach of the batsman. Inside the tramline. Poor, poor call from umpire Barde.
1 run, length ball around off, stays back and opens the face at the last moment to run it towards short third man.
1 run, short of a good length, sliding into the corridor. Punched to sweeper off the back foot.
2 runs, legbreak, short of a length, punched in front of deep cover for a two into the bigger side of the ground.
FOUR runs, inside edge to fine leg. Short of a length and curving away outside off, looks to punch through cover with an angled bat and gets lucky.
no run, slower ball, length on the fourth stump line, he checks his punch back to the bowler.
OUT, timber. Nagarkoti looks for the big swing to an on-pace full ball, but it tails back in to take the inside edge onto the wicket.
no run, pace off the ball, full one outside off, the batsman pushes it towards mid-off. That was just 106 kph.
no run, bouncer at the helmet, sways out of the way to let it go.
1 run, back of a length on middle stump, which forces the batsman to tap it with soft hands towards the off side. Calls nice and early for the single.
1 wide, tries the slower bouncer, but bowls a big wide on height.
1 wide, another attempted yorker, looking to deny the batsman room, another wide down the leg side.
no run, full again, slightly closer to off stump though. Driven to short cover.
SIX runs, gorgeous! Length ball just outside off, steps out, gets to the pitch, stays just leg side enough of it and swings his long arms through the line to loft this straight over the bowler. So clean.
1 run, down the track but the bowler follows him and he can only mis-time his drive to deep extra cover.
1 run, short outside off, deflected off the outside edge to short third's left.
2 runs, is that four again? No, no quite. This time the fielder gets around it. An attempted yorker gone wrong, it's a low full toss that's been whipped between midwicket and long-on, and the latter gets around it.
no run, misses out. the bowler has bowled a length ball sliding down leg, and he looks to get inside the line and go behind square in the leg side. Is beaten and hit on the pad.
no run, goes for the drive on the up - a dangerous shot on a bouncy pitch. Finds cover.
1 run, the batsman backs away again, almost making too much room as he has to reach for this one and squeezes it away through cover point off the very end of the bat.
OUT, taken at extra cover. Slows it way down this time, the bowler, and manages to find some grip and turn. the batsman looking to hit this full leg-stump ball with the angle, into the leg side. Ends up slicing it as it turns away and it's an easy catch. Top bowling that to end one of the best knocks of the season.
no run, the batsman was having a stroll like he'd do along the Yarra river back home. Saved because there's no direct hit at the striker's end from short midwicket. Just defended the ball and was casually wandering around the crease.
1 run, slower ball, full and straight, worked to leg for one.
no run, slower ball! Good length on off, and just missing the bat's outside edge. Goes to Pant on the bounce.
no run, good length outside off, pushed towards cover.
1 leg bye, towards the pads and there's a shout of catch it as it goes in the air but off the pad.
1 run, length outside off, the batsman stays back this time and pushes the ball towards the deep cover-point fielder again.
SIX runs, Top-edged for a six over fine leg. 140.6ks, short ball, rushes the batsman into a hook. He skies it over the fielder for another six.
FOUR runs, on a length, straight, and the batsman gets inside the line and plays the pick-up over midwicket. Just the flick of the wrists.
FOUR runs, gorgeous shot! Early signs that this pitch is a beauty. The ball comes onto Rohit's bat and he takes full toll with a flick shot through square leg that is every bit as jaw-dropping as the Mona Lisa (or maybe The Scream).
SIX runs, huge! Gigantic. What power from Mawell. Length ball pushed through flat at leg stump and he slogs it what must, surely, be at least a 100 metres over the midwicket region.
no run, good length ball outside off, the batsman goes for an on-the-up drive over mid-off. No connection.
no run, miscued and straight towards extra cover. Good length ball gets a little big on him as he looks to slash through the covers.
1 run, was this an edge? Yes! This is a delightful delivery from the bowler, gripping and spinning across de Villiers, who pokes at it and sends an edge flying past the keeper. Slip would have gobbled it up, and that's the hundred.
no run, good length and swung in at off stump. Defended down the pitch.
1 run, strays down leg, helped along to fine leg. Mustafizur moves smartly to his left to stop the boundary.
1 run, back of a length, tucked off the hips to square leg.
1 run, full outside off, and the batsman sweeps it to the man in the deep. Hands the strike back to Hardik.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched through the covers.
2 runs, full on off stump, DK squeezes it out to the sweeper cover.
(no ball) 1 run, caught, but no ball! Full on off, and the batsman backed away to free his arms. Hit it towards cover, but slices it into the air. KW takes the catch, and even starts celebrating, before Bhuvi tells him about the no ball. Free hit.
OUT, a wicket. Back of a length wide of off, extra bounce, and the batsman gets a thin edge to the keeper as he reaches out to steer to third man.
FOUR runs, steps out and thumps this over the bowler's head, no chance for mid-on. Watson had to duck for cover as this was drilled!.
SIX runs, slammed into the stands! Axar spears another one in at the pads, but the batsman meets it with a huge slog sweep and connects well.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, deep in the crease to nudge this to fine leg.
1 run, short of a length and slanted into the corridor. the batsman looks to force that through the covers and gets a thick inside edge towards fine leg.
1 wide, wide yorker outside off, just past the tramline as the batsman looks to chop it.
1 run, slower ball at a length outside off, opens the face and runs it to short third.
no run, good length and in at off stump, defended on the front foot.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, played with an open face to cover-point.
1 run, vicious swipe from underneath, short ball outside off. Sliced and ends up bobbling to deep point's right.
no run, length, and he punches this off the crease, but cannot beat short cover.
no run, leading edge to mid-off. Great bowling, this. Outswinger from middle stump. Faf's bat face is closed too quickly and this ends up at mid-off.
1 run, dipping low full toss, driven down to long-off for one.
1 run, flat and straight, worked away to wide long-on, but for one. Faf is too quick.
2 runs, good length and pushed through quick at middle stump. Uses the angle for the lap sweep. Dhawan sprints to retrieve to his left.
1 run, steps out and creams a square drive straight to sweeper cover. A full ball wide outside off and he steps out to get this out there.
no run, good length outside off, and the batsman opens his bat's face this time. Played to short third man.
2 runs, good length on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket's right and a slightly wide Jadeja throw means KW is safe.
5 runs, overthrows at midwicket. Four extra runs. Good length and just outside off with shape away. Drops it into the covers. Rayudu gets down at it and throws at the non-striker's end. Mid-on and midwicket were converging and he manages to get this to both their lefts.
FOUR runs, full ball, and drilled down the ground past mid off.
FOUR runs, all hands and wrists to create some power on a slow pitch. the bowler has bowled a half-volley, and he drives all along the ground and wide of long-off.
no run, excellent finish to an excellent over. Sharp bouncer, angling in from wide of the crease, homing in on Hardik's helmet. Keeps his eye on the ball and sways out of the way. A less quick bowler may have given him time to attempt a ramp, but not so in the bowler's case.
OUT, drags it straight to long-on! Length on middle stump, steps out and is nowhere near the pitch of this. Swings across the line and has no control of this. Easily taken at the line.
no run, short of a length and spinning away from off stump. Tapped to extra over off the back foot.
1 run, full and flat outside off, pushed to mid-off for a run.
1 wide, strays well down the leg side, it's a wide well taken by Karthik.
1 run, length and in at middle stump, driven off the low part of the bat, down to long-on.
1 run, full on middle again, the batsman can't quite get underneath it. Pushed away to long-off.
1 run, wrong 'un, comes back into the batsman from outside off, and he plays it watchfully towards long on.
no run, slower ball, really full, hit hard to the straight extra cover.
1 run, no turn again, angling in towards leg stump and helped to leg for one more.
1 run, yorker, and almost played on! Tries to dig it away, but the ball almost rolls on to the stumps. It doesn't, however, and that allows RCB to steal a quick run.
(no ball) 1 run, back of a length on middle, and uncomfortably pulled to long on. But Hardik has overstepped, according to the umpire. The replays show that Hardik is well inside! Ay caramba!.
1 leg bye, short of a length, leg-sidish, tries to tuck and gets hit on the pad as the ball trickles away to short fine.
1 run, lifter outside off from around the stumps, gets big on Hardik, who lines up for a hook. Top-edges over midwicket, does not carry to the man in the deep.
no run, slower ball on middle, the batsman pushes it back to the bowler.
1 run, stays back to a length ball and uses the angle to flick to deep square leg.
1 run, sliding length ball, turns it away wide of long-on for one.
no run, full and fired into the pads, the batsman misses out trying to whip square but no appeal for LBW as it was going well down the leg side.
FOUR runs, slower ball down leg side, waits on it and swats it to the long leg boundary! Gratefully accepts the extra pace on the ball and jumps from 39 to 50. Top innings from the batsman.
2 runs, yorker at middle stump, squeezed down to long-on with the angle.
1 run, full and wide again, squeezed to cover.
no run, full outside off, pushed to cover. A lovely start from Dhawal.
1 run, turns this gently into the leg side, that's that. CSK cruise home in style with an over to spare.  They're all but into the playoffs. .
2 runs, slower ball to end the over. It's the offcutter, and the batsman taps it down the ground to long on. Played gently enough for them to come back for the second.
1 leg bye, length on middle stump, looks to whip it, deflected pitch side off the pad.
1 run, full and straight, tucked away to deep backward square leg.
OUT, top of leg stump. the batsman is looking for the lap sweep, but the the bowler legbreak doesn't turn as he expects it to. That means he misses it, and the leg stump is left exposed. the bowler takes it.
no run, short of a length at middle, punched straight to midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, lovely wide yorker to follow it up with, and all the batsman can do it get a single.
1 run, full and honing in at leg stump. Steps out and yorks himself. Forced to jab that into the covers.
1 run, another full toss, but this time he can't time the shot well. Just the single to deep midwicket.
no run, length outside off, driven on the rise to extra cover.
1 run, short, sits up and the batsman swivels to pull it hard. There is protection though at deep square leg.
no run, full and wide, big swing and a miss as he is stapled to the crease.
1 run, backs away and squeezes this yorker to deep cover where Negi comes around to cut that off.
1 run, length outside off, the batsman rocks back and hammers a pull to long-on's right but he manages to get around it to keep to a single.
no run, what a start! That's unplayeable. Short of a length, pitches on middle and seams away from the batsman who is trying to work it to the on side.
no run, full on off, and he check-drives towards the off side. Stopped by the fielder at cover running to his left.
no run, length ball, just outside off, and he works it towards the leg side. Can't go past Williamson at midwicket.
no run, good length on off and enough space for the batsman to cut it square. But misses it completely, and the ball goes through to DK.
1 run, bouncer, rising head-high and angling in from wide of the crease. Steps across to hook, and he's beaten for pace. Off the badge of the helmet, and it pops up and drops down into the long leg region.
FOUR runs, full on off and that's the length the batsman was looking for, right under his bat and he picks it up flat and hard over mid-off.
SIX runs, full ball, and he has gone down towards deep midwicket, and connected well enough!.
no run, quickly past his attempted ramp. That ball has a chuckle at SKY as he's down on one knee. It was short and sailed over him, outside off.
OUT, and the bowler gets to No. 100 with the batsman's wicket. A smart catch by Tiwary at midwicket. Not for the first time the batsman has fallen to a short ball. He looks to pull this but gets a massive top edge. Tiwary has to back-pedal, which he does, and gets to the right of the ball. So he is catching this over his shoulder and on his natural side. Well done. This is a short ball that has got big on him as his weight is still forward when pulling.
1 run, much fuller but similar line, the batsman presses forward and drives down to long-off.
SIX runs, the batsman into the act. He has picked the googly, gone down on a knee, and smashed this over long-off for a six. Lovely shot.
no run, full, on middle. Defended towards mid-on. Nice start.
1 run, full ball, and he has driven this towards long on. Kohli has dropped this, diving forward. Wow! At this rate, RCB won't be catching a cold anytime soon.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched on the rise to mid-off.
1 run, fuller length outside off, pushed past cover.
no run, blocks a back of a length delivery from round the wicket to cover.
no run, slower ball at a length, pushed wide of the corridor outside off. Looks for the cut, gets it off the under-edge into the pitch.
1 run, good length on leg stump, and angling into the batsman. He backed away to make some extra room, so the bowler did well to follow him. Punched towards cover with soft hands.
1 run, shortish and wide again, cut to the deep point fielder.
1 run, full on off, and turning away from him. Defended towards short cover.
no run, too full and a bit of width as he floats it up outside off, the batsman jams the bat down and hits the turf.
no run, slower ball, short of a length, outside off, punched to cover-point.
OUT, dips under his sweep and bowls him! Beautiful bowling from the bowler. A full slower ball at off stump and once again he's deceived him. He's looking to shovel that past short fine as it loops at him and tonks off stump.
2 runs, short, and he has gone for the pull again. It lands in empty spaces close to the deep midwicket. The ball stops enough and allows de Villiers to get to it.
no run, he tries the reverse sweep and is beaten.
no run, full toss, angled in, punched straight to cover.
no run, full outside off, steps out and drives to extra cover.
no run, flatter and fuller on off, defended.
1 run, was shaping up to heave, ends up dabbing it gently into the off side instead.
1 run, goes back to a length ball and punches this towards extra cover.
no run, another knuckle ball, 113ks, really full outside off, takes the bottom edge into the pitch and through to Samson.
1 wide, slower offcutter, wide outside off. Left alone.
1 run, short around off, pulled to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, chopped away easily. Short of a length and some width outside off. the batsman stays shuffles back a little and bisects cover and point.
2 runs, short of a length wide outside off, firmly cut to sweeper's left. A check for run out at the non-striker's end as Finch puts in a throw close to the stumps, but Uthappa was back safely.
SIX runs, Negi drops it at deep extra! His night has turned! Full ball wide outside off, slices it. He goes reverse cup as this is about head height. And he tips it behind.
no run, full and wide outside off. the batsman tries to cut square but mistimed. Bottom-edges it this time.
1 run, a high full toss around off, just below the waist, the batsman can bunt it only towards long-off, only one again.
2 runs, short ball again, and he clips it between deep midwicket and long-on.
no run, good length and back to the dipping ball outside off. Driven back at the bowler.
SIX runs, 140.7ks short ball outside off, the batsman sizes it up, fetches it from outside off and is airborne as he nails a pull over midwicket. Bang.
OUT, edged and gone! Length and into the body, the batsman looked a little rattled by the blow to the forearm couple of balls before, makes room, the bowler follows him and all the batsman can manage in the end is steer it into the gloves of the keeper.
1 run, a low full toss down leg, worked to deep square leg for a run.
1 wide, the bowler ventures another slower ball and floats it down the leg side.
2 runs, 141 kph, back of a length down leg, off the glove or handle of the bat, down to fine leg. the batsman races back for two and makes it with a dive.
2 runs, incredible hit. Short of a length, not much room, and he goes over the top on the off side with a sort of a punch. Gets a lot of power. Deep point has to rush to his right to keep this one.
1 run, right into the blockhole, the batsman squeezes this towards backward point as they scamper a run.
FOUR runs, beats deep midwicket to the left. Good length offcutter at middles stump, clears the front leg and nails the slog along the ground this time. Samson can't stop with a slide.
1 run, back of a length outside off, pushed to Hooda at point.
no run, length on middle, cramping the batsman up, who defends to the bowler's left and takes off, and has to turn quickly to make his ground as the bowler picks the ball up and under arm's it towards the stumps.
1 run, reverse sweep, and he is not able to get it behind square, which he wants to do. Now he has hit this in the air and to deep point. And for the second time tonight, a the batsman mis-hit falls just short of a deep fielder.
no run, sharp turn off a length, bunted to point.
1 run, short googly on off, punched down to long-on.
1 run, six in six! The carrom dart on middle and leg, pushed away to long-off.
no run, short of a length and skidding into the corridor. Stabbed to point off the back foot.
no run, short and across him outside off, flat-batted drive on the up, straight to mid-off.
SIX runs, 96.8ks slower full ball on middle and leg, the batsman spots the change-up. He picks this back-of-the-hand variation off the pads and toe-ends it over square leg. Mis-hit for six. That's how small the boundaries are in Indore.
1 run, full, angling in, pushed wide of mid-on.
2 runs, slower short ball outside off. Waits on it and drags the pull to deep square's left.
no run, flighted outside off, pushed to cover.
1 run, full on middle, 140.3ks, slammed down to long-on.
no run, short on off, and forces the batsman to duck under it. Drops his knees and gets under the line of the ball.
1 run, good length outside off, he opens the face of the bat to run it down to third man.
FOUR runs, slaps this through cover. Too short, he rocked back and used the width to crash that into the gap.
FOUR runs, slower ball, but a touch too full, and he slogs this wide of long-on for four.
no run, drift and turn from length on middle, defended.
1 run, full, just outside off from around the wicket. The ball turns into Dhawan, and he drives to Ashwin at cover. Misfield allows them to pinch a single.
1 run, well bowled. Flat around off, pushed to cover for a quick single. Rohit puts in a dive and makes the single despite some quick work from Pant.
1 run, shorter googly, he's back and pulling to deep square.
SIX runs, Yo Yo Ma. This is sweet hitting. the bowler is in his slot again, and he clears from front leg to send it sailing back over his head. This is lovely batting.
1 run, length ball on off, turning away, cut to deep point.
1 run, makes room to go big, the bowler cramps him up, he takes the single to long-on.
1 run, saved by the lack of timing! Looked to pull this off-cutter but the bat face turned in his hand, on the bounce to long on.
1 run, good length on middle stump, punched to long-on off the front foot.
no run, on a length, straight, pushed back to him.
1 run, slower ball, but too wide outside off. Drills it over the bowler's head but extraordinary from Maxwell at long on! Covers a lot of ground in the deep.
1 run, yorker outside off, jammed to extra cover.
no run, short again, clubbed to midwicket without proper timing on this occasion.
no run, bouncer at a leg stump line, left alone.
1 run, short of a length outside off, on the back foot to punch to sweeper cover.
1 run, good length on off, and that's been pulled along the ground to deep midwicket.
1 run, low full toss at off stump, inside edge to fine leg on the slog.
OUT, he's hit this straight to Woakes at long on this time. Rohit won't get the hundred but what an innings he's played. For a while, it looked like he'd hit this well but Rohit knew there wasn't much power.
no run, just short of a good length and outside off, the batsman leans back and flat-bats it away but straight to cover.
no run, a touch fuller around off this time, stays back and defends it towards mid-off with a straight bat.
1 run, another googly, fuller this time, on off stump, clipped to long-on.
no run, short of a length, no room, runs off the outer half of the bat to cover-point.
no run, lovely quick outswinger from wide on the crease. Beaten neck and crop.
no run, shortish and outside off, he glides it to point.
1 run, slower ball, wide, on a length, slogged to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, good length and in at middle stump, uses the angle to turn it to fine leg.
no run, full ball, and he looks to go over long off, but misses. That could be the game, right there!.
1 run, direct hit might have had him! the batsman pushed this just to the left of Rohit in the cover, who swoops and shies, but it goes wide.
SIX runs, ah, now that's what we expect  Kablammo! Smoked over long-on! The sound off the bat was like the crack of doom for Ishant, who didn't looked back. Went 101 metres, apparently. Decent starter for 10.
1 run, fuller outside off and he fetches the ball from there to sweep to deep midwicket.
no run, back of a length, rising up to chest height, the batsman goes on the back foot and defends it down.
no run, full toss, outside off, and CdG has an almighty swipe at it, but misses out on contact.
1 run, whipped down the ground, but there's a man at long off. Juicy full ball outside off, and the batsman's disappointed not finding the gap.
SIX runs, hip-high short ball outside off, slower ball, the batsman waits for the ball to arrive. Then lines it up and smokes it over midwicket.
2 runs, short ball, and he swings this around towards midwicket, but Rahul Chahar goes across from backward square leg and saves two for his team with a dive to his left.
1 run, slower ball, short, outside off, and he whips this off the back foot towards deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, full outside off, front foot pointed into the leg side and head falling away as he tries to cream this over cover. Get it off the outside half and finds the boundary anyway.
1 wide, short on middle, and he goes for the pull. Misses and through to Dhoni, but the umpire thinks it's wide.
FOUR runs, outside off, and an extra cover drive, on bent knee. Ah, classic the batsman!.
FOUR runs, full toss outside off and he just pats that through extra cover like he's in training.
1 run, makes room and swings this length ball to deep square leg.
1 run, lobbed up at middle stump, leans in and flicks to long-on's right.
FOUR runs, chipped cleanly over mid off! It was pitched up again and Rohit's eyes lit up as he checked a well-timed drive and sent the ball racing to the boundary.
1 run, makes room and punches this down to long-off. Can't get the kind of room he would've liked. That's three good deliveries so far from the bowler.
no run, the bowler tosses it up on middle, full, played back to the bowler.
1 wide, yikes. Bouncer very short, pitching outside leg, and sliding further down.
1 run, full on middle, and turning away from Yusuf. He taps it off the front foot towards short cover and calls for a quick single.
SIX runs, into the crowd! Too full from the bowler, the batsman goes down on a knee and slog-sweeps it away from the meat of the bat.
2 runs, low full toss, on the pads, clipped straight of deep midwicket for two.
2 runs, another legcutter outside off, slashed to deep point. McClenaghan saves two with a well-timed dive.
1 run, shorter and wider, he is back and slapping a cut short to deep point.
FOUR runs, nearly in the block hole, and the batsman does extremely well to move his feet out of the way in time and he drives that down the ground past Rahul, right from the middle of the bat. the bowler replies with a smile.
no run, slower ball, back of a length, just outside off, punched to cover.
no run, looks to turn this behind square, gets it high on the bat, DK runs to his right to stop that.
1 run, on a length, middle and leg, no turn, worked to leg for one.
2 runs, length, curving into his stumps, punched away to the right of sweeper cover.
no run, fired into the pads, worked to short fine.
1 run, flat and straight, worked to square leg for one.
1 wide, loses his line, down legside. Wide.
SIX runs, slower, full ball on the hips, Parthiv picks it up and whips it over the square leg boundary for a flat six.
no run, back of a length outside off, and the batsman tries to pull this over to the leg side. The ball stays slightly low and goes under his bat.
1 run, short of good length around middle and off, pulled along the ground to deep midwicket.
no run, inside edge onto pad. He hasn't picked the flipper. No forward press as he punches late at this length ball on off.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, looks to loft that over midwicket. Can only get it as far as mid-on.
1 run, very full and angling wide of off, dragged off the inside half to the leg side.
1 run, good length and pushed across off stump. Steps out and slices to sweeper.
no run, another bouncer. This time at 137ks. the batsman sways out of its line.
no run, another short ball, and another ramp attempted. Beaten again.
OUT, stops at him this time as the batsman was looking to go aerial. Ends up chipping it to Southee at long-off. Was a length ball outside off, hit towards the bottom of the bat. Kohli is pumped up.
SIX runs, goes again, six more. He's just picking length very quickly. Once he does that, it's all a bit too easy for class batsmen, like de Villiers. the batsman shows some of his skill with a bottom-handed loft over mid-on.
1 run, slower short ball and he pulls straight to deep square. This is the bowler's USP at the death. Really digs the cutters in. the batsman can't get it away.
1 run, Avesh does not go for the catch. The bowler says go for it. Full and wide outside off, the batsman looks to go over cover but the ball skews off the outside half, to the sweeper cover fielder. On the bounce!.
1 run, misfield by Tahir at backward point. Probably a lot of the Chennai public calling that idea fielding now. It gets the batsman off strike. A powerful cut at a short ball.
1 run, full on middle, pushed to long-off.
OUT, the reverse sweep, but there's no timing because of the length. Straight to point. The bounced more than the batsman would've liked. First wicket for the bowler on the night.
FOUR runs, deft. Inswinging yorker at the toes. A shuffle and late bat down at it to clip it past short fine.
1 run, full and straight, looks for a couple with soft hands, but deep midwicket is alert to it.
FOUR runs, short of a length, on-pace, pretty straight, he looks to pull this, but gets a front edge and manages to clear mid-off.
1 run, back of a length outside off, flat-batted to sweeper cover.
no run, on a length, middle and leg, clipped to midwicket.
SIX runs, this is high and it's far enough. Length ball on middle and he gets down for the slog sweep. Appears to have got too far under it, but he has hit it cleanly.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
(no ball) 1 run, big wind-up, but the bowler is slow and gets the ball to dip. Punched to deep cover for one. But this is a no-ball.
FOUR runs, oh dives over it. Pooran with the shocker in the deep. Short of a length ball angled into him, gentle punch off the back foot. Pooran makes the ground to his right and then it just seep through.
1 run, offbreak, back of a length, punched down to long-on for one.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, pulled down to long-on for one.
no run, short and angling away outside off, swing and a miss.
1 run, it's the reverse pull but couldn't find the gap, straight to short third man.
no run, beats the outside edge and gets him on the back leg. Squares him up once again. This is not easy living for the batsman. Looking to tap that through midwicket and he's struck outside off on the back thigh.
1 run, on a length, outside off, punched to long-on for one.
2 runs, swatted to long-on's right. Another high full toss. Dew already? This is outside off and he drags it into the leg side with a pull.
FOUR runs, hang on to your hats! This ain't done just yet. Full and straight, an offcutter, he picks it and drills the ball over his partner's head. Fierce power over Markande, through long-on.
OUT, top-edges the pull and Umesh strikes early again! It's a short ball, the batsman tries to drag it from outside off. It gets a bit big on him. The bat face turns in his hand. The ball has no timing on it as it goes up and Chahal jogs back at square leg to take an easy catch.
no run, did that take the edge? Yes! the batsman played down the wrong line, the ball drifted in, he played outside the line. Lobbed off the pad as Saha fluffed it as he went for the catch.  Tough chance, big inside edge onto pad .
no run, bunts this to cover point.
2 runs, lands another inswinging yorker on the base of middle stump, Vijay digs it out to cover and sprints through. Needless throw gives up extra runs. M Ashwin the culprit.
1 run, slower through the air, on middle and leg, driven to long-on.
no run, length on off, Dhawan shows the full face as he defends back.
1 run, knuckleball that he lands at length on middle, lofted down to long on. Hit him high on the bat.
1 run, dabs this gently into the off side for a quick single.
no run, outswinger, outside off, and the batsman ends up playing a defensive push outside its line. This outswinger has pitched, and changed its direction. Seam movement.
no run, on a length, on off, slight movement back in. Defended.
no run, slower ball, on off, pushed back to him.
2 runs, length on the pads, clipped to mid-on's right for a couple.
1 run, short of a length, straightening around the sixth-stump channel, punched into the covers from the crease.
FOUR runs, even finer! Goes with the pull, gets a top-edge over the keeper's head. Poor from the bowler. Too short again.
FOUR runs, Dhawan has been lobbed. This is the work of that running early on as the fielders are off the fence, but in the last four overs you expect them to go back to the fence. the batsman has cleared Dhawan at deep square, but the ball still falls inside the fence.
FOUR runs, a thick outside edge for four. Slightly short, and slightly wide outside off. Faf flashes, a thick edge flies past slip and to the boundary. Short straight boundaries.
no run, bouncer - at top pace - and Yusuf is comfortably beaten on the hook shot.
1 run, quicker delivery drifting into middle and leg, tucked wide of midwicket for a quick single.
1 wide, pushed down leg side.
1 leg bye, full on leg stump, and the batsman some room on the leg side. Tries to play it towards midwicket, but misses. Hits his pads and goes towards short cover instead.
FOUR runs, nails the reverse-sweep this time. On a length, around leg, and he has absolutely smashed this over point.
1 run, back of a length angled across, dabs it down to third man.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, turns it to midwicket's right off the back foot.
no run, back of a length on off stump, keeps a little low and Sarfaraz blocks it back to the bowler.
no run, on off stump, and defended off the front foot. Tapped to cover.
1 run, good length and in at off stump, punched to extra cover's right.
1 run, good length and onto leg stump. Glanced to deep backward square off the back foot.
no run, on a length, wrong'un, he punches this, but straight to point.
1 run, flat and wide outside off, carved away towards extra cover for a run.
SIX runs, lifted to deep square leg's right. Short and up at the chest. Nicely in position for the pull this time and into the ad board.
no run, length and in at off stump, sliced on the rise to point.
no run, length ball angling across, the batsman looks to steer this one past point as well but it's a touch too close to him, gets beaten.
1 run, a googly on middle, waits for the ball to come to him before turning the ball fine to short third man.
no run, good length and into the body. Tapped into the covers.
no run, slower bouncer, the batsman has shuffled across and leaves it alone. Good height. Won't be called a wide.
FOUR runs, leg-side fuller ball, too easy for Parthiv as he gets down on the back knee and sweeps it through deep square leg. The fielder is stationed slightly backward and he can't get around it.
1 run, back of a length on off, but angling right into the batsman's chest. Checks his cut, and glances it to third man for a comfortable run.
1 run, full and straight, can't get under it, driven to long-on for one.
1 run, superb effort from Man Pan at long-on. A full delivery on leg, swatted away into the gap, but Pandey doesn't give up on it. Runs in and almost gets there, on the bounce.
FOUR runs, slashed over point this time. Good length and wide outside off, reaches out at that and manages to get the low part of the bat on it. A lofted square drive that no one can cut off.
nan
no run, full and straight, hit to mid-on.
1 wide, bouncer dug in too short. He half-jabs at it. It's too high.
no run, a slower ball down leg, the batsman stands his ground and slogs across the line. Misses. Struck on the pad, but going down leg.
FOUR runs, that's short and wide, right where Yusuf was waiting for that. Waits and waits and then laces a cut behind point for four.
no run, fuller around off, clipped away towards short midwicket.
SIX runs, smoked goes for the aggressive option of bowling a bouncer, but Riyan - with a cool belying his years - just rocks back and pulls it high and handsome, way over deep square leg.
1 run, a slower ball on middle and leg, nudged away to deep square leg for a run.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched to sweeper cover off the back foot.
no run, draws him on the front foot to defend, and spins enough to take a thin outside edge that rolls to point.
1 wide, another bouncer. Giving nothing to the batsman today. He's hurried as he backs away to try and pull. Beaten but that's given wide on height.
no run, full outside off, leans into the ball and pushes it without any timing to mid-off.
1 run, tried the yorker but the batsman came down and turned it into a low full toss to work it down to long on for one.
FOUR runs, dropped just in front of Hooda at deep backward square! And then it bounces away to the boundary. A horror evening for Hooda. It was a full ball on middle that the batsman had slog swept to the leg side.
FOUR runs, uses the pace to paddle this to the fine leg boundary. Nicely done by the batsman.
1 run, short of a length and down leg side. Backs away and punches to long-on.
no run, legcutter. Great ball to get a dot here. Short of a length, just outside off, holds its line, beats his defensive shot.
no run, length and angled in, cramping him for room and cuts him half.
FOUR runs, now he is picking his spots. the bowler bowls full and wide, and he goes deep into the crease, breaks his back knee to get under it, and drives this in the air ans wide of deep cover. A Raina-like shot from a batsman who has a Raina-like weakness against the short ball.
no run, angling away from the batsman, he cuts nicely but finds cover point.
2 runs, in the block hole on the of stump, the batsman does well to steer it to deep point and they get two for that. The stand reaches 50.
to Gopal, no run, bouncer, at his head, and Gopal swings and misses.
FOUR runs, dropped short of long-off and sneaks through from under him. Short of a good length and wide outside off - a ball bowled expecting the batsman to step out. the batsman merely stays in the crease and uses this reach to flay this. Padikkal dives forward and to his left but there's too much to do as it dips on him.
1 run, on a length, angling in, worked to leg for one.
no run, wide yorker, sneaks under the bat. Three dots to end the over. Gold.
no run, looks to ramp, the bowler fires one in full and quick. He gets an inside edge to short fine but turns down the single.
no run, back of a length and outside off from wide of the crease, punched through the line to extra cover.
2 runs, short outside off, punched to sweeper's left off the back foot.
no run, dropped by Mohit at mid-off that was as easy a catch as you can get, he drove it off the toe end straight to the fielder. He tried to grab at it too early perhaps, in and out of his hands. the bowler is not happy.
2 runs, yorker at leg stump, squeezed out towards long-on.
no run, waits for the short of length ball and steers it from off stump to point.
1 run, goes around the wicket and strays on the pads, is picked off to deep square leg.
no run, short and wide outside off, punched straight to extra cover.
1 run, full on middle, pushed to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, ordinary ball to end the over. Slides down the leg side with this length ball, and the batsman glances it fine of short fine leg.
1 run, looks for the slower yorker for the lbw, at 119ks, ends up bowling a low full toss, and the batsman keeps it out.
1 run, good length outside off again, and spinning away from the batsman. He stays on the back foot, and whips it off his pads to the midwicket region.
1 run, fuller and quicker outside off, driven on the rise to long-off.
1 run, full on off stump, and the batsman comes walking down the wicket to tap it towards midwicket.
1 run, turns this gently to square leg, sensible.
no run, cops that on the body as it lifts past the outside edge on his attempted glance. 145kph that, good length and on a middle stump line.
1 run, googly, short of a length at off stump. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
2 runs, length ball, jags into him with the angle, and he taps this towards midwicket. Quick running between the wickets fetches them two.
no run, short of a length, outside off, he looks to drive this on the up, but ends up inside the line.
SIX runs, 140 kph, a straight full toss. Sarfraz shows AB how to play it. Opens the bat face and just lets the ball hit bat, over short third man for six. Lovely hit.
FOUR runs, short and wide, a no-no to Parthiv, who slaps it away gleefully to the left of third man.
OUT, he's feathered an edge and RCB are on a freefall. Not the right length to pull, looked to fetch from outside off, and just got the bottom edge. The umpire didn't give it initially but raised his finger as he saw Moeen walking. Moeen's maiden IPL outing with the bat is a forgettable one!.
FOUR runs, flat-batted pull that just eludes Tye, who was running around from deep midwicket. Hits the advertising triangle on the bounce.16 deliverie.
no run, short of length at the batsman who was backing away, goes for the pull but is late as the ball hits the bat than the other way around and dribbles towards mid-off.
no run, late on the pull, the ball rolls off the toe end to the keeper.
1 run, short on off, and cut hard to point. The fielder manages to get his body behind that, and takes the pace off the ball.
1 run, punched down the ground for one.
FOUR runs, lofted over midwicket. Short of a length and just outside off. He's locked on the front foot but he watches closely and lifts the pull sweetly.
FOUR runs, tough chance, but dropped by Pant! Good length outside leg stump because the batsman was shuffling across to the off side. Misses the pull, and the ball hits his gloves as it goes down the leg side. But just too wide of the keeper.
1 run, good length on leg stump, clipped off his pads to deep backward square. Keeps strike.
no run, beaten! Length outside off, the batsman has a flash with his feet rooted to the crease and misses.
no run, back of a length and outside off, the batsman chops it to point.
OUT, third brilliant catch of the match by Unadkat Another back of hand slower one, and Bhuvi was giving himself room but the bowler bowled it on his pads. He tried to flick it, too early into the shot, and it takes the leading edge and swirls to square leg. Samson is running but Unadkat calls out, running in and dives in front to take it.
no run, swinging into the pads, thumps the legs, deflects back into the bowler's followthrough.
2 runs, length on middle stump, flicked to long-on's right.
1 run, the batsman shows familiarity breeds, well, not fear. Down the wicket immediately, right to its pitch, and drives him inside-out for a single to deep cover.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. It is a chip over extra cover. Hardly any follow0-through. Just makes room, and takes this really full ball and dunks it over extra cover.
1 run, full, outside off, driven uppishly to long-off.
FOUR runs, connects on the pull this time. This is short and up at the hips. Enough swinging room, not too much climb. He's under that and gets it over square leg.
1 run, wrong'un, short, pulled but not clean. Gets a single.
1 run, nudges it down towards mid-on.
1 run, slower ball, but full toss on middle. Mistimed towards the leg side.
FOUR runs, sweeps it well this time from well outside off, he had to reach for it a fair bit and slapped it away. Uthappa ran across to his left, put in a dive, got a hand and slid the ball in but it went for four.
1 run, shorter on leg, he's back and working this through forward square.
2 runs, slower ball dropped short outside off, reaches out and flat-bats it past the non-striker. Calls for two immediately and they do well to get back.
FOUR runs, another slower ball, the batsman slogs at it, gets a thick edge, and it flies over short third. That's why they ask you to swing hard if you are swinging.
1 run, reverse sweep to deep point. Length ball on leg stump, he might have been better off trying to go over the legside, but he had decided to reverse hit it.
no run, another dot, quick and straight, finds midwicket again.
1 run, slower ball outside off, and that's been mistimed down the ground to long on. A gentle punch.
1 run, yorker length just outside off, jams it to point's left.
FOUR runs, picks the slower ball, Aussie to Aussie, and clears mid-off with a languid drive.
1 run, flat on the legs, worked through square leg.
no run, googly at a length, punched to long-off.
FOUR runs, that is how difficult it is to bowl to the batsman. Misses the yorker by a little. Bowls a low full toss, or perhaps it is the the batsman reach that converts this into a low full toss. And he drives this hard and straight of long-off for four.
OUT, and a wicket seals what has been a top effort from Kings XI on the field. A slower ball again, and the batsman holds no shape as he tries to pull. They try to steal a bye but a direct hit from Rahul catches Shreyas short of his ground.
no run, short of a length, 132ks, some extra bounce. Pushed to point with an open face.
2 runs, swept, uses his pace, places this square of short fine. Comes back for two.
1 run, length ball outside off, he punches off the back foot past point.
no run, short of a length, no room, pushed to point. Another dot.
no run, another dot ball, poor batting from the batsman with Russell at the other end as he attempts a slog-sweep and misses.
1 run, length outside off, Dhawan predicts it, charges down the wicket and slashes and it goes flat down to third-man on one bounce.
1 run, worked off a length and into the leg side.
OUT, he's pulled this straight to Unadkat at deep backward square leg. This kept a touch low but was asking to be hit, De Kock did just that but didn't hit this off the middle. As easy as catches come. So a half-tracker has fetched a wicket. Incredibly, a wicket has fallen and Chinnaswamy roars because AB de Villiers is striding out to the middle.
no run, full on middle and leg now and worked to midwicket. He sends Narine back.
1 run, quicker one, wide outside off, and the cut is mistimed to deep point. They walk across for one.
1 run, just short of midwicket. Struggling to get the pull away against the bowler's pace. He  plays that shot compulsively and will be tested more and more with every passing game. This time he slices it a few yards in front of Samson.
FOUR runs, past long-off. the batsman's patience serving him well. Gets another full toss outside off. This one is even delivered with rolled fingers - lobs up at him and he spanks it on the full.
1 run, full on off stump, and his drive takes the outside edge. Goes to third man, where Stanlake is positioned.
FOUR runs, on the shorter side and width offered and the batsman has a thwack at it, slapping it through cover for a boundary.
FOUR runs, did he go on-pace there? At any rate, he has bowled too full, and the batsman has drilled him through extra cover for four. First boundary in 10 balls.
1 run, full outside off, flicks to long-on off the front foot.
1 run, yorker on leg stump as the batsman backs away, adjusts and pushes it to point with an open face.
OUT, caught at point! Khaleel's making a second phone call. Big wicket. Back of a length, pacier one at 141 kph, and the batsman is too late into the pull. Gets a top edge that loops to point, and suddenly this chase has come alive.
1 run, length, down the pads again and he flicks this towards deep backward square leg.
1 run, short of a length on off, the batsman waits on the backfoot and pulls to the right of deep midwicket for one.
no run, good length on middle stump. the batsman goes deep into his crease and blocks off the back foot.
1 run, yes he is, but gets an inside edge on the slog. Full slower ball, and perhaps that's what's done him. Through the attempted slog early, only a single off the boot in the off side.
2 runs, steps out of his crease to smear a wide delivery outside off to deep cover. This is good stuff from Arshdeep, not giving up the easy leg-side boundary that batsman crave in this stage of the innings.
no run, short and up at middle stump. Backs into the leg side to try and open up the off. But that's so slow onto him that he can only forehand that to mid-off.
1 run, fuller ball, and he punches this hard down the ground. It bounces off the ground over the bowler, but R Ashwin does well at mid off to get across to stop it and keep it down to one.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and he thumps a pull to Stokes at deep midwicket.
1 wide, bouncer in the corridor, sways away from that to let it go. It's above head height.
1 run, length, and he dabs this towards cover.
1 run, OUT, skips down the track, the bowler drags the length back, beats him in flight, and he drops this into the leg side. Lovely chase from the bowler and a lovely take from Morgan. the bowler chases towards deep midwicket, they decide to take him on, the throw comes in quick to the bowler's end, but on a half-volley. Morgan gathers it beautifully, and flicks the bails off behind him. A wicketkeeper would be proud of that work.
FOUR runs, how delicate was that and so well placed. A short offcutter from Hardik, the batsman spots it and lets it come to him to tap it late with short hands and places it between the keeper and the fine gully fielder.
OUT, given! But the batsman reviews. Yorker on leg, and the ball hits the batsman's toe. the bowler appeals, umpire raises his finger, but the batsman is quick to review. Surely that's an inside-edge? Or so he feels. Replays suggest no edge but the batsman looks certain he's hit the ball. Wry smile on his face as we wait for ball-tracking. And the ball is crashing into leg stump. Finally, Sunrisers lose their first wicket before the 100-run mark.
1 run, carrom ball, shorter and wider, he cuts off the toe of the bat to deep cover-point.
FOUR runs, oh just short of a wide yorker, and the batsman gets under it to drive it over point. If you are bowling wide yorkers, you need a deep point or a square third man.
FOUR runs, oh he's done this every match, just jump down the leg side. Invariably the first ball against a legspinner, the batsman has gone way down leg side, drawn a short ball into him and swatted it past backward square. And he does it again.
1 run, short of a length, the batsman is happy with singles now. Give Samson as much strike as you can.
no run, short of a length and in at off stump, 149kph. Defended back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, cut square! Full, just outside off, and he throws his bat at this. Crunches a drive to backward point for four.
no run, full outside off, half a stride forward and defended to cover.
1 wide, change of angle, no change in fortunes. He's trying hard to cramp the batsman for room, but ends up spearing this full one down the leg side.
OUT, fullish on off stump, and the batsman's cameo ends courtesy an excellent catch from Kieron Pollard at extra-cover. Looks for another lofted drive, but doesn't get the elevation this time, and doesn't get it far enough wide of Pollard. He throws himself to his right, and grabs it one-handed at about shoulder height.
no run, on the front foot to a shortish ball, hit high on the bat as he defends.
1 run, slower ball outside off, forceful drive on the up to extra cover's right. He puts in a dive but can't stop cleanly.
1 run, flatter and fuller on the stumps, eased to long on.
OUT, pouched at first slip! Someone pull the chain because the the bowler express is reeling away yet again. Lovely tossed up googly wide outside off. Axar's instincts act up, much the way Pant's did earlier. He doesn't get anywhere near as good connection though. Watson arches backwards and brings in the reflexes to take this high.
no run, short of a length at middle stump, defended to midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, change-up delivery, a quick ball, 134ks. Hits him on the glove with a short ball.
1 run, some room outside off with the angle, he runs it down to third man for one.
FOUR runs, outta here! Full on middle, but the batsman puts his front leg across the stumps before muscling a paddle-sweep over the fielder at short fine leg. Terrific improvisation to play the shot while showing all three stumps. Replays, though, suggest that the ball landed just inside the boundary skirting.
SIX runs, boom too full, half-volley on leg stump and the batsman clears his leg and swings through the line to send it soaring over deep midwicket.
OUT, down the wicket, the batsman shows lack of experience. the bowler makes him play the shot he doesn't want to play. Slows down the ball, goes a touch wider, makes him drag it to leg where deep midwicket is waiting. the batsman wants to hit long-on, but he has let a master offspinner make him play the shot he wants him to play.
no run, flatter length ball on middle, defended back.
1 run, yorker/low full toss, middle and leg, dug out for a single to extra cover.
1 run, low full-toss on off, clubbed away to wide long-on.
FOUR runs, another slower one, this is becoming too predictable I think. Dhawan comes down the track and smashes it over extra cover this time.
1 run, length ball, on the pads, and he swings this away towards backward square leg.
FOUR runs, creamed to sweeper's right. Full and floaty, wide outside off. Gets the front leg into the leg side to open up some swinging room and then drives handsomely.
no run, short outside off, and DK mistimes his pull. Straight to square leg.
1 run, down the wicket, mis-hits the slog, goes off the inside half of the bat for one.
no run, short on off, and cramping into his body. Tries to work it towards the leg side, but hits his body.
1 run, offbreak, on the pads, clipped away for a single.
OUT, follows him as he attempts a yokrer. He ends up bowling a low full toss but he has successfully managed to cramp the batsman, taking his arms away from him. the batsman still attempts a six, but ends up holing out to deep midwicket.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven down to long-on with the angle.
1 run, tossed up outside off this time, too full though and allows him to sweep it from outside off to deep square leg.
1 run, rides the bounce of this short ball outside off and steers to third man.
1 run, short of a length and wide outside off. Watchfully steers that to third man's right.
1 run, full outside off, reaches out and clips to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, casually lifts it one bounce over the long-off boundary! What does it mean to get settled? Length ball outside off, probably a googly too. Half a stride, beautiful hands, nice timing as he goes inside-out.
no run, short of length outside off, stays back and chops it towards point.
no run, back of a length on off, but the bowler's really getting some pace. The ball gets some extra bounce, and hits his glove. the batsman was merely trying to defend it off the front foot.
1 run, nearly a yorker, at his heel, clipped away for one.
1 run, short and darted in on middle, swatted away to the leg side off the back foot.
1 run, full on middle stump, and the batsman check-drives to mid on. He wants the single though, and sprints across to the non-striker's end. Williamson's throw can't get the direct hit.
no run, short of a length and wide outside off, left aloe.
FOUR runs, short and up at the under-arm, hurries him a touch but he's swiveled quickly and managed to squeeze this between keeper and short fine leg.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, punched to long-off.
1 run, wide low full toss, and the batsman inside-edges this for a single to leg.
no run, gets down for a big slog and gets an inside-edge to the back thigh.
1 wide, another big wide down the leg side. He is lucky they have not got any bat on these wides.
3 runs, the batsman looks to lap him, but the bowler gives him no pace to work with. He doesn't get the boundary but will take three.
SIX runs, steps away on the leg side and pulls a bouncer that is following him, coming up towards his head, away to the deep square leg boundary. DK rushes up to his young bowler to have an urgent chat.
1 bye, goes for the bouncer as Yusuf starts to duck, then pokes the bat up like a periscope, and eventually accepts Pandey's call to get off strike so balls aren't wasted.
1 run, mistimes the pull that he looks to fetch from way outside off, lands between deep midwicket and wide long-on.
1 wide, wide down the leg side.
no run, through to the keeper once more, good pace and line.
1 run, good stop from McClenaghan. Back of a length outside off, the batsman opens the bat face and guides a dab down to third man for a run.
1 run, pacy length ball outside off, uses that pace as he opens the face and runs it down to third man.
no run, down the track and Shreyas bowls it slightly shorter, a slider going across him towards off stump. Pushed gently to mid-off.
FOUR runs, slower ball, floated up on middle, uses his wrists and picks it up towards deep squareleg and the timing was excellent.
no run, full and speared into the pads, worked off the back foot to square leg.
1 run, mis-hit as the batsman slogs a length ball, but it doesn't carry to long-on.
1 run, full on leg, and he skips down the ground. Nudged away to wide long on.
1 wide, legcutter, down leg side, can't get bat on that.
FOUR runs, he gets some room on off and waits on the back foot to punch that away between cover point and point for a cracking four.
no run, short of a length and just outside off, mistimed whip to midwicket off the back foot.
FOUR runs, full ball, and he has played this brilliantly! Third man inside the ring, and he just uses the 135kph pace on the ball to squeeze it past the man at short third man, and gets it fine enough.
no run, tossed up outside off, he takes a big stride and pats it back.
2 runs, good length on off, and whipped off his pads to the midwicket region. Calls nice and early for the second run, and therefore completes it in a flash.
1 run, slashed hard, the outside edge flies at one bounce to third man.
1 run, full on leg stump as he sees the batsman walking across to the leg side. He tries to slog towards the leg side, but mistimed towards midwicket.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
1 run, thick outside edge as he turns the bat face to work to the leg side, Mishra dives full length to his left to stop that at short third man.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, pushed to point.
1 run, chipped but safe, down to deep midwicket.
no run, carrom ball, front edge to the left of the bowler, who puts in a dive to save the single.
1 run, length ball on the pads, worked away to midwicket.
no run, big inswinger but Faf is up to it. Good length and headed for the top of off. Not too much feet from Faf but defends solidly.
1 run, wrong'un first up, the batsman picks it off the surface but does well to punch this down to wide long-on.
1 run, short of a length and following him down leg side. Whipped down to long-on with the angle.
no run, the batsman inverts his stance for his trademark scoop shot, the length was safe enough, but no contact as the ball hops over his stumps.
2 runs, just chips this over extra cover. the batsman wasn't to the pitch of the ball but looked to hit through the line. The ball stopped on him just a touch. the batsman turned blindly for the third, but saw Uthappa put his hand out in the nick of time.
4 leg byes, brushes the thigh pad and beats the diving Saha down leg. A short of length delivery but pitched way down leg. the batsman looked to work it fine, but will take runs however they come.
no run, slower length ball to end the over. the batsman is happy with a dot.
1 run, length outside off, the batsman waits for it to come to him and pushes it into the gap on the off side for one.
OUT, huge scalp for the young man, but credit for it goes entirely to Nicholas Pooran, who takes an excellent catch! the batsman looks to wallop this length ball across the line, gets a leading edge that swirls in the air for a long, long time. Pooran turned around and ran back and settled himself under the swirler before pouching it safe. Ashwin rips out a roar, we won't see Ashwin v the batsman tonight.
2 runs, quick length ball, the batsman rocks back to use his pace, and cuts this. Except that he has cut it in front of point. He beats him to the other side, and gets four. This time, he gets two.
1 run, short ball on middle. slower ball, helped along to fine-leg.
1 run, quicker and shorter to the batsman, who reads it all very well and late cuts the ball outside off to short third man.
no run, wide yorker outside off. the batsman tries to steer it square, but can't get bat to ball. An excellent start for the bowling side.
1 run, good length and just outside off, pushed to extra cover's left off the front foot.
1 run, short, and he goes back and swats this away, but cannot beat Moeen Ali at cover.
1 run, length on middle and leg, friendly pace, whipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, length outside off, good stride forward to drive to sweeper cover.
no run, yorker on middle, and Kishan digs this away to the leg side. But Rashid appeals for the lbw thinking it's boot first, and not bat. Umpire turns it down, but Sunrisers don't have a review.
no run, back of a length, spinning away, punched to point off the backfoot.
1 run, good length on middle, and heaved towards midwicket. Mistimed once again, but gets off strike.
no run, the batsman skips down the track but Sran shortens the length and the batsman slightly chips it in the air. Well short of the bowler.
no run, length outside off, steered to point.
SIX runs, oh ho ho ho, this young kid is schooling his senior India team-mate Short ball outside off and he upper-cuts it for six over third man. Fielder there, but he was just left standing.
1 run, short at middle, mistimed pull to long-on.
1 run, slightly shorter and wider, cut away to backward point for a run.
1 run, slower ball, pretty accurate, within the stumps, bunted to leg for one.
no run, big heave, but the batsman misses it completely! Flighted outside leg, and it's the topspinner this time.
1 run, goes back and across as he punches this short ball to sweeper cover.
1 run, slower ball, skidding on outside off. Short of a length. Subdued pull to long-on's left.
no run, full and wide outside off, gets down for the ramp but he cops this on his back knee which was exposed. Past the inside edge and he's down from the impact, can't take the run.
1 wide, short of a length, wide, trying to stay away from him. Called wide.
OUT, yorker on middle, and Hardik can't flick it square. Ball hits his front leg, and the bowler appeals for lbw. Ian Gould raises the finger but Hardik reviews right away! Bat involved? Looks like the bat did not hit the ball, it only hit the ground. No edge according to UltraEdge so far, and replays show that ball would've crashed into leg stump. Big wicket for Chennai.
OUT, pinned in front playing across the line. Harshal is not happy, but there are no reviews left. Shakes his head as he walks off. That's hit the back thigh and looks high. Short of a length on a middle stump line. Looks to play the flick and misses. Might have gone over the stumps, that. Replays confirm that.
1 run, length ball, cramping the batsman for room who dabs it towards short midwicket for a quick single.
FOUR runs, it's a slow and short cutter, short enough for DK to pivot on the back foot and pull it fine behind square. It's beaten depe fine leg too. The captain is not wasting any time here.
1 run, low full toss, into the pads, driven to long-on for one.
1 run, length ball, and he defends this towards short midwicket.
2 runs, looks to biff this pull, no timing and just manages to get it into the gap at midwicket. Hit the top part of the bat.
FOUR runs, 137 kph, more rubbish from Daredevils. Another low full toss down leg, flicked away easily to deep midwicket. He didn't learn from the previous error.
1 run, full on off, and that's been struck down the ground hard to long on.
no run, oh the perfect yorker to the batsman who is looking to go deep into the crease to manufacture a length. the bowler nails it. Dug out back to him. Another lovely over from the bowler.
no run, back of a length on off stump, makes room and cuts to point.
FOUR runs, good length just outside off, and KW rides the bounce! Stands tall and punches this past cover. What a glorious shot.
no run, slower ball, outside off, beats him on the outside edge with the offcutter.
FOUR runs, H Padnya has dropped a sitter. Blinded by the sun. Slower short ball, the batsman plays the upper-cut, straight to deep point, and Pandya doesn't have too far to run. But he loses the ball in the sun.
OUT, taken at deep midwicket. Googly, slow and dipping outside off - that's the way to do it on this pitch! Gets the front leg down the track and looks to slog-sweep. Can't get anywhere near enough connection. Rabada runs in and holds on.
1 run, slower ball, but wide outside off. the batsman waits for it this time, before driving it square. Negi at deep cover though.
no run, full and wide, the batsman beaten on the drive, and he is not happy that this hasn't been called a wide.
1 run, short of a length, at him, the batsman opens the face for a single.
1 run, short of a length, wide, punched to deep cover.
1 run, short, wide, flayed down to deep third man.
no run, short of a length and just outside off, punched firmly off the back foot to find short cover point.
FOUR runs, straying on the pads and Yusuf deflects it away to the fine leg boundary. Rare bad ball from the death-overs specialist.
1 run, slower ball, full on leg stump. But the batsman keeps his eyes on the ball and smothers it with soft hands towards square leg.
1 leg bye, good length and zipping into the pads from around the stumps, the ball is skipping off the pitch, deflected away to fine leg.
OUT, bowled him! Good old spinner's wicket - keep the single option open to a nervous batsman and bowl at his stumps. the batsman looks like he wants to push it through covers but has pushed his front foot too far forward in anticipation. Yorks himself and loses his off stump.
2 runs, length outside off, driven on the rise to sweeper cover.
1 run, into the pads, single to short fine leg.
OUT, chipped straight to mid-off! Full on off stump, wants to loft that over the fielder. Might have come off too at Wankhede. This pitch a touch slower. And Rohit's bad relationship with legbreak bowling continues. Taken at the edge of the circle and CSK's gamble has paid off.
no run, full, on the pads, clipped to midwicket.
no run, slower ball, inside edge onto the pad as he looks to work this to leg.
1 run, pulls this slower delivery to deep midwicket, DK will keep strike.
no run, short of a length on leg stump, uppishly pushed to square leg.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length, tucked to leg for one.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off, and punched off the back foot to long off. Another timeout.
no run, beaten with a bouncer! Oooh, this is a ripper of a start. On a true pitch with plenty of kick for the quicks, Sran hits the deck and gets the ball to rise up to Dhawan's neck. He goes for the hook and comes up a distant second.
1 run, full and straight, pushed wide of mid-on for one.
no run, short of a length, outside off, punched down the ground, but Bishnoi fields this to his right to deny them the single.
FOUR runs, down the wicket, the bowler shortens the length, the batsman pulls, and he gets a bottom edge past the wicketkeeper for four.
1 run, good length at off stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 wide, the bowler and wides. What a love story. Good length, but way outside off. Goes to QDK on the bounce.
SIX runs, the batsman does what Buttler did with some success against the bowler. Bowled up at 141ks, and he gets under it and ramps him over short fine leg.
2 runs, short outside off, gets on top of the bounce and punches it to deep point as he beats the fielder in the circle to his left.
1 run, short ball angling in towards the armpit, the batsman tucks this gently to square leg.
1 run, short of a length, straight, pushed down to long-on for one.
1 run, makes room and flays this away-going length ball to deep point.
SIX runs, that's another huge shot. A front-foot pull from the batsman to a length ball, and it's deposited well over midwicket. A 97-meter six.
1 run, too full, yorker length on off, drilled to long-off.
1 run, floated up full on off, Dhawan stretches out and slog-sweeps to deep midwicket.
1 run, thigh high full toss at leg stump, he miscues getting it along the ground to long on.
no run, slower ball at a length on leg stump, backs away and looks for the chop through cover. Misses as it lobs over the stumps.
1 run, angles into the batsman's pads, and he smothers it with the turn to the man at deep midwicket. Another walking single for Daredevils.
1 run, takes a step down to make it a full delivery and drives it hard to long on.
no run, Rohit is at slip now and he appeals for a catch off the inside edge onto thigh and over to him. But there's no suck luck. the batsman lives to slog sweep the leggie again. Although he might want to avoid that shot to a ball so full.
no run, some relief for the bowler with a dot ball. Given room outside off and the batsman cuts, but can't go past point.
1 run, full, middle and off, he stays legside of it and drives this to long-off.
SIX runs, that is an the batsman special. Drops all nice little dinks and takes a wide full toss and sends it back over his head for a six.
1 run, full, angling into the stumps, clipped through square leg.
1 run, back of a length offcutter outside off, gets back and across to whip to midwicket.
1 run, full on off, hint of movement back in, the batsman pushes it to mid-on and takes off for a quick single, Warner underarms's a throw at the non striker's but he was home.
1 run, full, straight and quick, driven down to long-on for one.
1 run, slower ball, good length outside off. Mistimed chop into the covers.
1 run, top edge but safe! went for the reverse scoop to a ball that was tossed up on middle, just eluded the man at short third-man.
no run, backs away and drives this fuller length ball to cover.
1 wide, length ball, on middle, and sliding down the leg side. the batsman misses the pull because the ball stays low, but Capitals collect the wide-run anyway.
1 run, fingerspin this time. Dropped short outside off, pulled firmly out to deep midwicket.
no run, shortish, curving into him, tries to tuck it off the hips and misses. But he just about missed making contact there, and the delivery's well within to be legal.
OUT, and extra bounce does the trick. Short of length outside off, scrambled seam. Du Plessis looked to give himself some room by backing away, skipped down as well and went for the cut but not enough room, Bairstow pouches the outside edge.
1 run, the line isn't great, drifts down leg, worked to deep square leg for one.
1 wide, goes for the short one, but it goes way over the batsman's head, and down leg too.
1 run, straight, played away off the pads for a single to deep square leg.
OUT, oh, beauty! What a delivery from the bowler. Top stuff from the legspinner. A googly that lands right on a length and draws him forward. the batsman is unsuspecting and the ball spins right past his inside edge and clatters into the stumps.
no run, half-volley on the pads, flicked straight to midwicket.
FOUR runs, length, and he goes back and uses the turn of the ball to ease it towards the backward point fence.
FOUR runs, given room outside off and he manufactures a slap-drive over extra cover. Great timing, and one bounce into the fence.
no run, ripper that nearly shaves the outside edge. Short of a length, opening him up as it jags away ever-so-slightly off the deck.
FOUR runs, gets it away this time! Full and just outside off, drops the right shoulder and gets into the off side and then jabs at it to get it to the keeper's left.
1 run, flighted on middle stump, and the batsman comes down the wicket. Almost yorks himself,  but manages to lift it over the bowler eventually. The umpire goes on the floor - trying to duck - as the shot trickles down to long on.
FOUR runs, wide ball on the free hit. Misses the yorker by a few inches, and he goes over point for four more. That is a way of getting your own back after having jammed by a beamer.
no run, quick length ball angling across towards off stump, punched back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, Cariappa clangs a sitter at deep point That would have been such a fairytale debut, but it's not to be. This was again back of length but wider outside off, the batsman threw his bat at it, and slashed it in the air. Cariappa is positioned perfectly to catch it and it's a comfortable height, but somehow he drops it. In and out of his hands, and what's worse, it goes over the boundary too. Both men ironically playing their first games of the season.
1 run, backs away and wallops this fuller delivery to wide long off.
FOUR runs, length on the pads, clipped nicely to deep squareleg's left and timed surprisingly well as it beats the man with ease.
no run, good length homing into off stump, inside edge onto pad and it rolls towards point.
FOUR runs, full on middle, Dhawan comes down the wicket, makes a little room and lofts him over his head, never trying to go too hard and find the boundary on the bounce.
no run, another short one at just under 135km/h, and the batsman does manage to drop his hands under this one as it fizzes through to de Kock.
no run, short of a length and angled into the corridor. Chopped to backward point.
no run, wrong'un, on a length, punched to cover, who is tight, saving the single.
no run, good length outside off, and going straight through. Enough width for Kishan to cut square, but plays under that ball. Through to Buttler.
1 run, full, straight, driven to long-on for one.
no run, flatter, outside off, and he drives it back to the bowler.
1 run, flat on middle, and sliding through to the batsman. Punched off the back foot to the long-on boundary.
no run, a good slower ball, 109 kph, some loop and dip on that. Ends up floating like a butterfly, and jamming down on the batsman as he blocks.
no run, short, rising chest-high over off stump, jumps to ride the bounce and defend towards midwicket.
no run, nice pace on this. Slow, dipping, gripping and then turning from leg. the batsman pokes with hard hands and gets it to cover off the thick outside edge.
SIX runs, hammered! Slower ball, full outside off, but Hardik's picked the change of pace. Drags this shot across the sline, and the ball flies over the long-on fence.
no run, slower ball, short of a good length in the corridor. Beaten on the cut.
1 run, hops back and tucks this length ball off his hip to square leg.
1 run, Dropped? Sarfraz dives forward from deep square leg but the ball dies in front of him. He is writhing in pain. He is clutching his ankle. Talk about adding injury to insult? This was another hip-high short ball on the leg stump, the batsman short-arms it away in the air but it did not carry to the fielder.
1 run, no real turn, looks like the attempted legbreak angling into middle and leg. Goes back again to clip into the square leg region.
FOUR runs, another boundary, and this may well be the over that wins it for Kings XI. Short, down the leg side, and the batsman swivels to use the pace and help it away to the fine leg boundary.
1 run, squeezes out this yorker towards square leg.
no run, full on off, hint of swing back in should encourage him, pushed pack to the bowler off the front foot.
1 run, looks like an offbreak, goes away after pitching, Dropped in front of point for one.
no run, good length, shaping into the corridor. Defended into the leg side off the inside half of the bat.
1 run, down the wicket, expecting the slower one. the bowler slips in the quicker one, and follows him too. A cramped-up the batsman gets just the single to long-on.
no run, good length outside off, but angling into the batsman. Drills it straight back to the bowler, who does well to get his body behind it.
1 run, on a length, outside off, looks to hit hard, but shanks it almost, for a single to cover.
1 run, back of a length, but wide outside off. Allows Dhawan to free his arms, and he cuts it to Avesh at deep point.
1 run, back of a length on top of off, punched down to long-off for one.
1 run, full just outside off, and all the batsman can do is push it down the ground to long off.
OUT, he's found deep midwicket! Oh it was there to be clubbed. A length ball gripping and sitting up, just outside off. So much swinging room. But he swings it - and nails it - about stomach height and straight to the man in the deep.
FOUR runs, lovely timing. Short of a length, slight swing, and he punches this on the up and in front of point for four. That should make him feel good.
1 run, low full toss at off stump, clears the front leg and drives to long-off's left.
to Saha, 1 run, full on leg stump, flicked to deep square.
OUT, Paddikal takes a superb catch at deep midwicket. Another team change works. the bowler gets some dip on this, which means the batsman's attempt at hitting a six has more height than length on it. Paddikal, a tall man, sets himself up at the midwicket fence, takes the catch, lobs the ball back up as he falls over, steps out, comes back in, completes the catch. Calm as.
1 run, slugs a short ball on leg stump, which also doesn't spin, away to deep midwicket.
1 run, full outside off, looks to pump this through the off side. Gets a thick inside edge towards deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, this was so, so close to the base middle. the batsman exposed all three stumps as he went across and paddled it wide of short fine leg. Brave.
no run, appeal for a catch at the wicket. Bouncer, over his left shoulder, the batsman hooks and is beaten. This wicketkeeper is quite excitable, and appeals for anything.
no run, starts with three dot balls, this is very full and driven back to the bowler.
no run, speared outside off, swish and a miss.
no run, full, and on off stump this time. Perfectly timed straight drive from the batsman, but the bowler gets his left hand to it. Parries it towards mid off.
1 wide, beaten on the wide yorker outside off. just past the tramline again.
no run, extremely full outside off, the batsman drills it out to mid-off.
no run, slower offcutter, 121ks, leading edge from the batsman, but it lands short of short cover.
FOUR runs, short ball, 145ks, but it sits up, and the batsman has enough time to pull this through square leg. Along the ground.
no run, slaps the short googly to cover. And that's that.
1 run, dragged down outside off, Parthiv goes deep in the crease and slaps it away to sweeper cover.
no run, slower full ball on middle stump, jammed down the pitch.
no run, hard length, angling in, hits him high on the bat as he looks to hit down the ground. Two good dots.
OUT, and the bowler is right back into it. Wrong'un to take the edge, and for Saha to take it clean. It is an excellent catch because it has stayed low too. And Saha stays low for long enough. And the batsman is defending for a legbreak here, and then when he sees it turn the other way, he sort of follows it with his hands.
no run, slower knuckle ball on off, guided off the face to backward point.
FOUR runs, oh clean. Overpitched outside off and he's got good batspeed under this lofted drive. Flat and to mid-off's left with disdain.
2 runs, nails the yorker but they have two. In at leg stump, he managed to squeeze it between long-on and deep midwicket.
no run, looks to make room, the wily Pandya follows him, cramps him up, and draws another dot.
no run, beaten for pace. Rohit stayed back to steer this behind point.
1 run, short, and he goes back and cuts this hard towards backward point.
no run, beaten outside off. Or so the umpire thinks. Rashid pushes a slider across the batsman and he can't connect on the reverse sweep. Rashid thinks theremight be glove on that, but they won't review.
1 run, short and just outside off, chopped to backward point.
1 run, slants this into the pads, worked to deep fine leg. the batsman is off the mark.
2 runs, length at middle stump, steps out and flicks uppishly to deep square's left.
no run, back of a length and slanting in on off, defended back to the bowler.
1 run, keeps it very full on the stumps again, the batsman drives from the crease to long-off.
1 run, full on off stump, front leg into the leg side and driven to mid-off.
2 runs, offbreak, middle and leg, pushed deep into the leg side for two.
1 run, short into the ribs, he swivels and pulls to deep backward square as well.
1 run, into the pitch now, short of a length, slower too, steered to third man.
2 runs, flighted wide outside off and Samson comes down the wicket to drive away from his body. Work for the man at long off.
no run, googly but short outside off, the batsman wait for it and pushes it to cover.
1 run, short and wide outside off, slashed away to the sweeper cover. Too much width there.
1 run, good length on leg stump, clipped to deep midwicket off the back foot.
FOUR runs, backs away and drills this fuller delivery to the extra cover boundary. the bowler didn't miss his length by much, went for a yorker and got punished. Long-off was no more than three metres away from the ball, had no chance.
FOUR runs, shot! Timed and placed sweetly through the right of extra cover.
FOUR runs, this is an even better sweep. A tall man playing sweeps efficiently. This time is the reverse variety. It has the keeper excited because he has taken this from in front of the wicket and really full. Places this to the left of short third man.
no run, length, comes back into the batsman, who goes back and defends this towards cover.
no run, slower ball again. It is not easy to bowl these with the new ball. the batsman pushes this to cover-point.
1 run, back of a length on the pads, 143.5ks, tucked away to deep midwicket.
no run, length ball outside off, gets low and looks to sweep. Cops it on the pad, outside the line.
no run, slower in the air, straight, on a length, defended back to him.
FOUR runs, full outside off, makes room and drills this over the bowler. Pandey sprints to his left, gets low and flicks this past long-on who was converging. They run an extra run as a result, but his foot was also on the boundary padding as he  was letting the ball go. So that will be four probably. Looks like he had a fingertip on that as his knee made contact with the padding.
2 runs, Pant is appealing for the batsman's run-out, but he's safe. Morring banged in a short ball, the batsman pulled it and then came back quickly to make it back just in time.
1 wide, slower ball outside off, swing and a miss and called wide. Harsh call, by the look of it.
FOUR runs, two full to DK, he brings out the cover drive and drills that along the ground, just wide of deep cover. Four!.
1 run, a wide yorker outside off, jammed away down to third man.
1 run, works the back of a length ball towards mid-on.
1 run, full outside off, almost a Kedar Jadhav like round-arm release, not allowing the batsman to get under it, pushed down the ground.
1 run, good length and outside off, guided through the off side.
FOUR runs, full, tries to heave it over but skews it off the inside part of the bat. But it's through the gap backward of square leg.
1 run, length and wide outside off, chopped to sweeper's left.
1 run, yorker wide outside off, chopped to deep backward point.
FOUR runs, length ball on the stumps, uses his feet, stays leg side of the ball and slaps it towards wide long-on, Pandey puts in the sprints, dives to his right, gets to the ball but cannot stop it completely. Gets to his fifty off 34 balls.
1 run, floats a legbreak outside off, dabbed with the break to backward point.
no run, short of a length, 136ks, around off, pushed to point.
OUT, can't beat mid-off this time. Short and wide from the bowler this time. He runs down the pitch and wants to flat-bat it over the infield. But it's gotten too steep for control and it's about throat height for the fielder there.
1 run, opens the face for a single.
SIX runs, wrong'un again, this time the batsman smashes it with the turn, not from the middle, but his arms are so powerful it sails over deep midwicket for six. Not even sure if he picked the googly.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, goes back and flicks it towards square leg.
1 run, short of a length outside off, spanked on the up to sweeper cover.
1 run, short at middle stump, pulled on the bounce to long-on.
1 run, length ball around off, the batsman uses his wrists to work it towards long-on.
1 run, slower ball on off, defended to the off side with soft hands and they scamper a single.
1 run, short of a good length on off stump, pulled along the floor to deep square.
SIX runs, straight over the bowler. Full, pushed through and in his zone, like a throwdown. Stays put and gets his hands through this smoothly.
no run, pitched further up and slanting away outside off, now Dhawan shoulders arms.
no run, ambitious appeal, raps the pads but on a very full, leg-sided length.
no run, short slider, Sharma thinks he can hit a six, but this skids through like a flipper would, gets a bottom edge.
1 run, good length and into middle stump, pushed towards mid-on with the angle.
1 run, full, just outside off, and driven to long on for a single.
1 run, yorker at off stump from around the wicket. Opens the face and chops this to backward point.
SIX runs, finishes it with a six! A sweet, sweet pick-up over square leg! That's a length ball into the stumps from around the wicket. Times that perfectly and the pace on that has sent it a long way back.
FOUR runs, makes room to target the leg side, not much room on off so he cuts hard but gets a thick inside edge fine on the off side for four.
2 runs, short of a length, quick, good bounce, and he is unable to get power into a punch. But they will accept two gifted overthrows from cover. They are rattled here. Wild throws and poor backing up from the man in the deep on the leg side.
1 run, slider, into the pads, looking to protect the over. Just the single to leg.
no run, tossed up, angles into him and holds its line, and the batsman goes back to defend this.
no run, slightly shorter on middle and leg, pushed away to midwicket.
SIX runs, gorgeous punch over the bowler! Beautiful from the batsman. It's a length ball just outside off and he holds his shape as he punches this on the rise, off the front foot.
1 run, diving stop at point from Dhawan. A late cut, slightly on the front foot from Faf. Can't beat Dhawan to his right.
FOUR runs, runs it to the third man boundary. Crafty. Length in the corridor, allows it to skid on and opens the face late to get it through where third slip would have been.
1 run, length outside off, steps out and flicks to long-on's right.
1 run, full toss outside off, punched to long-on where Abhishek Sharma gets around it.
1 run, short of a length outside off, mistimed chop to extra cover.
1 run, good length on leg stump, and cramping the batsman for room. Pushed down the ground to long off for a quick single.
SIX runs, Full outside off, and the batsman slaps this over point. Hooda races to his left and sticks his hand out, and even throws the ball in, but his back leg is hitting the boundary.
no run, length and slanted in at off stump. Plants the front leg across and flicks to midwicket.
no run, length on off stump, punched into the covers.
no run, a googly from Shreyas, length around middle and off and leaves the batsman to beat the outside edge.
1 run, flicks the tossed up delivery on off stump through midwicket.
FOUR runs, short of a length outside off. He gets his weight on the back foot and slices between point and gully. Third man sprints to his right and manages to get a hand on it with a slide, but that was travelling too fast.
no run, good length just outside off. Angling into his body, but defended off the back foot.
FOUR runs, full outside off again, and the batsman goes for the leg-side slog once again. Not timed as well, but still has behind this shot to send it to the wide long-on boundary. Seventeen off the over.
1 run, good length on off, and that's been uncomfortably pulled to deep midwicket.
OUT, too short, sticking into the surface because this is an offcutter, the batsman into the pull early and he toe-ends this straight to short fine leg.
no run, good length at middle stump, back in the crease and punches it to the bowler.
2 runs, shortish outside off, slapped away to the left of deep point.
no run, punched into the covers.
no run, trapped on the pads but they won't review the not-out decision. It's a googly that he tries to whip behind square off the back foot. Hits him on the back foot at middle-and-leg .did they think it was going down?.
FOUR runs, fullish outside off, and that's a fierce hit from the batsman. It's a hit, not a drive. Leans back and flays it away with an angled bat between cover point and extra-cover.
1 run, good length on middle, but going straight through. Kinda squares the batsman up, but he manages to fend it towards the off side.
1 run, offbreak, on a length, draws him forward, pushed to long-off for one.
SIX runs, the extra ball goes for half-a-dozen! Short on leg stump, but the batsman was prepared for that. Backs away to the leg side, and powers this over cow corner.
1 run, short on off, and that's been well pulled! It's sliding across the ground, but Jadeja's a beast in the deep. Covers a lot of ground in a flash, and his quick pick-up-and-throw ensures it's only a single.
FOUR runs, the batsman jumps across off and throws the bowler off his line. The West Indian darts it outside leg, picked away fine on the leg side for four. the batsman continues to deal in boundaries.
(no ball) 1 run, short of a length just outside off. Drops it into the off side with soft hands for the single. It's also a no-ball. Free hit coming up.
no run, full outside off, and that's sliding into the batsman. He does well to defend the first ball back to the bowler off the front foot.
1 run, on the bounce to long-on. Full one at middle stump, a lofted drive with little elevation.
no run, short, 139ks, the batsman wants to pull this hard, but it doesn't quite come on, and takes the front edge to mid-on.
1 run, checks his sweep as the bowler slows it down. Good length ball at middle, was down for it too early. Awkwardly pats it into the leg side.
no run, nothing slow about this. Bouncer at 140ks, and he is hooking as he is ducking. Beaten.
1 run, strays on the pads again and punched to deep midwicket.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, backs away and drags it towards midwicket.
OUT,  goes through his defence!  What a ball first up. This moves holds its line from length on off and beats Surya's loose drive. Golden duck, dream start.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. All wrists. Wide legbreak, and he plays this like a hockey flick, using his wrists to chip it over extra cover.
1 run, tossed up outside off, the batsman is made to stretch as he drives wide of cover.
OUT, the bowler breaks through! Against the run of play. And it was a fairly innocuous delivery, just short of a length and straight. Mayank was looking to pull it off the front foot, and didn't bother keeping it down, but the ball has just rushed on quicker than he expected, looping off the splice to be caught by a tumbling Chahal at midwicket inside the circle. the bowler bellows his approval at the wicket. Kohli's pretty chuffed too.
1 run, short of a length, angles into him, and he whips this away towards long leg.
no run, length on off stump, rooted in the crease as he pokes this back to the bowler.
1 run, almost run out! He tapped the ball to point and hesitated for a fraction of a second before responding for the single. Iyer went for a direct hit from point but missed it, the batsman had given up on the attempt to make it.
no run, good length and into the pads. Hangs back for the glance but cops it on the pad. QDK saves to his right.
1 run, slider outside off, punched away to sweeper cover for one.
1 run, back of a length on off, and he tries to nudge it towards the leg side. Takes a leading edge, though, and files over the slip cordon to third man. Two chances in two balls!.
FOUR runs, really slow and really full, mid off in the circle and the batsman drives that to perfection by piercing the gap between cover and mid off.
2 runs, back of a length and outside off, punched on the up straight of Joseph at mid-off. Joseph chases hard and slides at the edge of the boundary. He jams his right shoulder into the turf and writhes in pain. The Mumbai team doctor is out to tend to Joseph.
1 wide, another wide down the leg side as the bowler looks to cramp him up.
no run, he has missed a plum full toss Just some late swing to do him in. Just outside off so he is okay.
1 run, slow, on a length, on off, pushed past cover-point for one.
FOUR runs, smashed too short, loosener from Rashid first up, and the batsman smacks a pull to the square leg boundary.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, on the back foot to punch to long-on.
no run, full and just outside off, looks for the carve through point and chops it onto his boot.
SIX runs, length and angled in, the batsman had backed away again but this time he goes through the leg side, extends his arms and clears wide long-on with ease.
1 run, length outside off, hint of shape away this time, hangs back, opens the face and steers it to third-man.
1 run, good length and into the corridor. Uses the angle to push this into vacant midwicket.
no run, short of a length, outside off, the batsman looks to run this down to third man but is beaten.
1 run, whips this full delivery on the pads to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, third one in the over! And it's in exactly the same spot. the batsman shimmies and makes room, slamming a 90-metre six into the stands beyond long off.
1 run, length outside off, looks to drive on the up, sliced towards point who misfields.
1 run, slower ball, good length and across him. Can't beat point with the late cut this time.
no run, the batsman walks practically halfway down the pitch, is hit in front of the wicket, but these are so hard to give. They review. I am sure the 3m thing will come into play here. And the Ultra-Edge shows a scratch anyway as the ball passes the bat. So the review is lost.
OUT, Padikkal has run himself out. Short of a length, pushed in front of square, this should be Mann's call, but Padikkal takes on a single that is not on. Mann doesn't respond. Padikkal keeps coming, and the midwicket fielder has enough time to carry the ball himself and deliver it to the wicket at the non-striker's end.
(no ball), good length ball slips out of his hand and is very very wide outside off. The siren also goes off which means he has overstepped.
no run, another perfect yorker. Nice over from the bowler so far. Follows him down leg side and makes him slice another one off the inside edge to short fine. There's a direct hit too from there but the batsman is back in the crease.
FOUR runs, good length and just outside off, backs away and has a slog. Gets a thick outside edge to third man's left.
no run, Faf puts a little more vim in this drive, but he can't beat the cover ring.
1 run, gets across on off stump and sends a good length ball away to deep square leg.
no run, stunning ball! Tossed up, dips late, spins and bounces, and whistles through his pushed drive and over the top of middle! Takes a good ball to get past the batsman at the moment.
no run, right behind the line as he tucks this off the backfoot.
1 run, full outside off, pushed to mid-off and they scamper one.
2 runs, sliced to long-off's left. Another full toss. The old low full toss. Can't get a swing under this.
1 run, shorter on middle, he's back and tucking this to midwicket.
1 run, slower short ball, really sticks in the pitch and comes in at the batsman's body as he backs away. Only gets an under-edge on his pull, down to long-on.
no run, wrong'un or a slider? Whatever it is, it beats the batsman outside off as it keeps going on with the angle.
FOUR runs, drilled over mid-on. Attempted slower ball turns into a friendly full toss. Merely has to clear the infield and does it, no fuss.
1 run, short, quick, into the chest, pulled away to long leg for one.
1 run, another cutter, full and wide outside off. Driven to deep point for a single.
no run, back of a length, inside edge into the pads.
1 run, floated up at a length outside off and turn into middle stump. Flicks to short fne's right.
2 runs, length ball outside off, the batsman comes down the track and looks to go over extra cover but ends up slicing it over short third man, comes back for the second.
1 run, low full toss outside off, the batsman mistimes his punch straight back at the bowler who gets a hand to it.
no run, slower ball again, but this is short, and it beats his pull.
1 leg bye, smashed on the helmet! This is a terrific delivery again. Doesn't bother with the slower ball, goes short and fast and accurate. the batsman can't connect with a pull, the ball pings him on the helmet.
FOUR runs, length ball, and he has gone straight back down the ground past Thampi. Couple of bounces, and through for four past long off.
1 run, punches this to cover, a misfield gives them a run.  Brings up the half-century stand off just 31 balls .
no run, length and angled away, rahul fishes at it with his hands, the slight movement away and extra bounce beats him on the outside edge again.
FOUR runs, lofted drive over the bowler. His go-to release shot that he kept missing as the bowlers bounced him last match. Good length ball this time and he runs down at it and pumps it.
1 run, short again, the batsman makes room to hit this back down the ground. the bowler gets a hand to it, which allows them to take a single off the deflection.
no run, down the wicket, beaten in the flight, forced to play just the push to extra cover.
1 run, run-out appeal on the non-striker's end as the bowler dives for this in his follow through. He thinks he's got his little finger on this, on the left hand. At the moment of impact, Parag is about a foot outside the crease. Has he made it back before ball hits stumps? He was already reaching backwards as this straight drive off a full toss came back at the bowler.Doesn't matter because the third umpire can't conclusively say that touched the bowler's finger. Good chance Parag was back in too. Yes he was.
1 run, googly, overpitched, he goes back and makes room to chop it into the offside.
FOUR runs, elegantly played! It's a legbreak, and the batsman waits on it before dabbing his late cut perfectly into the gap behind square.
FOUR runs, too short and he's pulled this into the deep midwicket boundary. Tripe bowling from Umesh. Superb the other night, very ordinary here.
1 run, bowls this carrom ball wide, the batsman mistimes this slap to cover.
1 run, flat length ball, punched down to long-on.
2 runs, full outside off, Rahul punchily slams it over the bowler's outstretched hand towards long-off.
no run, yorker, outside leg, draws a dot by hitting his heel.
no run, length on leg stump, tapped to midwicket off the back foot.
FOUR runs, hammers the pull, splits the gap at deep square. Good control, got on top of the bounce and rolled his wrists nicely.
1 run, slog sweep into the bigger part of the ground, and there is a deep midwicket in place.
1 run, length, and he drags this down to long on.
2 runs, slower ball, full and on middle stump. Does superbly to tap this with soft hands, well in front of long-on who has a long sprint and can't keep it to a single.
FOUR runs, goes very full, angled into the toes and that's a delightful piece of timing as he clips it backward of square.
1 run, steps out and works this flatter delivery to deep midwicket.
2 runs, full toss on leg stump, and he's cramped for room. Hits his bat and trickles away towards mid-wicket. No one there, so that means Archer asks the batsman to come for the second.
2 runs, low full toss lofted down the ground, long off runs to his right and they come back for the second easily.
no run, length ball on middle, and nudged off his waist to square leg this time.
1 run, a slower delivery on off, Sarfraz tried to play the same shot but all he can do is tap the ball to backward point.
1 run, change up again. On middle stump, and comfortably flicked off his pads to square leg.
1 run, yorker outside off, squeezes it out towards point and hands it over to Brathwaite.
no run, yorker length just outside off, jams the bat down on this and finds cover point.
FOUR runs, the batsman takes a leaf out of Dhoni's book and walks across too. It's an attempted yorker gone wrong as it ends up being a low full toss. the batsman doesn't quite muster up the same power as Dhoni but it's enough, nevertheless, to carry the ball to long-on.
1 run, length outside off, driven on the up to sweeper point.
1 run, back of a length, nips away outside off, dropped into cover for one.
2 runs, full and wide outside off, swept along the floor to deep midwicket's left.
OUT, and that is the icing on the cake that the bowler's spell has been. I suppose Ponting will acknowledge the bowler now. You have to fight for what you are owed. He has got the danger man out. Short of a length, wide, legbreak so it turns away too. the batsman nowhere near it but still cuts. The top edge settles with cover-point.
1 run, the bowler finds some seam movement in to the batsman, the ball taking a thick inside edge and rolling into space behind square.
1 run, full toss on middle, flicked to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, full on middle and leg, and this time it's been drilled straight back past the bowler. the bowler does well to get away, so does the umpire, and the ball beats both men in the deep! Moves on to 45.
OUT, gone, the batsman's gone! This is a huge wicket for Royals. You got the feeling the batsman was playing for the 15.5 over requirement. Charges down the ground to force the pace, not quite full enough and he swipes only for the ball to spin in from a length and flatten the stumps.
no run, short of a length, shapes up to cut and chops it into the surface as he gets tucked up for room.
no run, full just outside off, and defended towards the off side.
1 run, wide on the crease, slider, the batsman happy with a single.
no run, flat outside off, a big extravagant swing, but the drift takes the ball past the outside edge.
no run, good length and dipping outside off, pushed into the covers.
no run, overpitched and swung away from the corridor, a sumptuous, crisp off drive but can't beat mid-off to the right.
1 run, dug in short on leg stump, fended off to short fine leg for one.
2 runs, lofted over the covers as he gets some room, two more in the gap.
no run, good length and on with the arm at middle stump. Tapped back for the bowler.
1 run, the batsman has almost swung himself off his feet trying to hit this, but it comes on to him just a bit too quickly and he toe-ends it down to long off.
no run, full and wide, squeezes it under his bat. What an over. Forced to bowl the 17th because the match-up is not ideal for the specialist spinner, and he takes a wicket and concedes no boundary.
1 run, walks forward to a slower length ball and taps it through midwicket.
2 runs, uses his feet and eases it through the covers.
1 run, length on leg stump, clipped to deep square.
1 run, good length on leg stump, steps out and flicks to midwicket.
1 run, turns this towards short midwicket for an easy single.
SIX runs, lifts it over the deep midwicket boundary! Tossed up at middle stump, steps out, not quite to the pitch but goes through and drags it, high but wide enough of the fielder running to his left.
1 leg bye, was that off the helmet?  Looks like it. Bouncer up at the crest at 127kph. the batsman beaten on the attempted hook. Takes off his helmet at the other end and is all smiles. Was beaten by a lack of pace there.
no run, back of a length on middle, and he tiptoes to defend.
no run, plays inside the line as this length ball nips away to whizz past the outside edge. Top stuff from Bhuvi.
1 run, over cover for a single. Some flight around middle, Suryakumar looks to work the ball against the spin, but a thick leading edge over mid-off.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, goes back and works it towards long-on.
FOUR runs, expertly done. Jumps down the track and doesn't make the pitch of this, but goes from down to up and then inside to out. Opens the face at the perfect time, it's not easy on this pitch, and beats long-off to the left.
SIX runs, finishes with a six! Overpitched outside off, but it's in the batsman's slot. Goes down on one knee, and smacked over long off! KKR finish on 202 for 6.
1 run, good length and across the corridor. Looks to drive on the up, thick inside edge to deep square.
no run, slower, fuller ball, and he watches it on to his feet and digs it out. Bowled at just 128kph.
no run, full and just outside off, punched back down the pitch.
no run, good length on off, and once again spinning away from the batsman. Tries to play a late cut, but takes the edge. QDK can't hold on! Dropped.
1 run, gets down to sweep a fuller one and finds Shaw at deep square leg.
no run, looks for the reverse ramp but is beaten by a the bowler slower ball on a length outside off.
1 run, flighted full toss outside off, forced down to long-off with the cut.
FOUR runs, short of length outside off, Hardik stands tall and smashes it through extra cover for four.
no run, short of a length, some shape out. Punched on the rise to point.
SIX runs, completely misjudged at deep midwicket! A mistimed slog sweep. The fielder runs in, and then back, and it would have only just cleared him by the looks of it - if he was on the line, that is.
FOUR runs, after the power, there is the delicacy. length ball in the channel, he moves away just a touch and plays a (very) late cut for four.
1 run, short, goes for the pull, miscues it but luckily for the batsman lands wide of Watson at midwicket.
1 run, back of length outside off, punches it towards the left of Morris at extra cover who slides and fires in the throw at the bowler's end, Rohit was well in.
no run, length ball on the pads again, clipped to the bowler's right.
2 runs, full outside off, driven firmly to sweeper's right.
1 run, short of a length wide outside off. Swats at it and gets it down to long-on off the inside half.
1 wide, full, tails away down the leg side.
OUT, the bowler bounces out the batsman. He runs in hard and hits the pitch harder. Dug in short on off stump, 141.9ks, rushes the batsman into a pull. He is late onto it and splices an overhead catch to Jadeja, who runs to his right from mid-off and pouches it safely. CSK's gun fielder. CSK's specialist fielder? the bowler soaks in his maiden IPL wicket.
OUT, another medium-pace delivery, and he tries to clear wide long on. Slogged to the leg side, but not timed well, and the fielder at cow corner comfortably pouches this. the bowler dances after taking the wicket. Ah, the innocence of youth!.
1 run, turns into him and he goes back and punches this towards deep midwicket.
2 runs, back of length outside off, he punches this into the gap at sweeper cover. Good work by Shardul.
FOUR runs, lovely cover-drive. the bowler starts off with a slower ball, at 106ks, and the batsman nonchalantly drives this length ball through cover.
no run, tries to force a cut with little room and misses.
2 runs, length at leg stump, clipped through midwicket with the turn.
SIX runs, clears the straight boundary! the batsman is doing this too easily now! Backs away, exposes the stump and swings from under this length ball skidding into him. It's flat and clears the fence.
1 run, whips this shortish delivery down to long-on.
1 run, full, on off, hit straight to mid-off for just the single.
1 run, short ball, pulled down to deep backward square leg for one.
1 run, full at leg stump, steps out and taps it to long-off.
OUT, sensational catch at mid-off. Padikkal uses all his height to dive full-length and forward to send him back. the batsman is looking for something pitched slightly full to go over mid-off, but this is bowled cross-seam and stops on him. It is dying on Padikkal, but he flies forward to take this inches from the ground. One of the best catches of the season for sure.
OUT, top of middle. On pace, swinging slightly, back in, but mostly wicket to wicket. the batsman plays for the one swinging away from him and looks to loft him back over his head. This is cleverly bowled to make it swing back in. Beats him neck and crop.
1 run, steered to deep point for one.
no run, good length on off, but angling into the batsman. Tries to punch towards cover, but comes off the bat's inside half. Goes towards midwicket.
1 run, touch short and drifting in, worked towards midwicket.
1 run, length ball around off, tries to go big and mistimes it down the pitch.
SIX runs, stunning shot over extra cover! Tossed up wide outside off, reaches out and whips his wrists firmly at this to get it over extra cover - and a long way! I can only think of Kohli when I think of who else could have executed that.
no run, yorker honing in at middle stump, jammed back down the pitch.
no run, slightly slower and angled across from well outside off, he swings and misses.
no run, full at middle stump, 136kph, shuffles and drives to mid-on.
no run, a slower one this time, length ball, following the batsman. the batsman goes for the pull but ends up playing it too early, misses.
FOUR runs, looks for the yoekr, misses his mark, and the batsman flicks this half-volley off this toes for a four to square leg.
no run, back of a length and turning into off stump, pushed down the pitch off the back foot.
FOUR runs, evades mid-on and has enough on it to find the boundary. Full ball at middle, drives uppishly, almost shoveled with the bottom hand because he's not to the pitch. It's between non-striker and mid-on.
1 run, flatter on off stump. It zips straight through, but he's quick to gauge the length. Goes deep into his crease and flat-bats it to long on.
SIX runs, bangs it in short and the batsman pulls that away stylishly for six! Watched the ball land well outside off, turned on the back foot and swivelled nicely to pull it square.
no run, googly first up, and there will be more. He has picked the googly but is beaten by the extra bounce.
no run, nudges this one late, gets a bit of bat but it's tickled to short fine leg.
1 run, fuller on the toes, clips it towards square leg for one.
1 run, length on middle, quicker delivery from the bowler, pushed to mid-on.
1 run, Samad has struck the first ball he faces clean but straight to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, gets nice and tall to lash the short and wide delivery to the point boundary. Spectacular batting from the RCB captain. Yassss, he screams as the ball races past the infield.
2 runs, tossed up high, rellly slow, the batsman hits hard, and this is misfielded at extra cover by Morgan to allow them two runs.
1 run, short of a length again, driven to deep cover for another single.
1 run, very full and dips on leg stump, leading-edges it to the left of the bowler.
1 run, full toss, outside off, punched down the ground.
2 runs, safely to sweeper's right. Good length and dipping wide outside off. the batsman wants to go over extra cover after getting down on a knee. Ends up slicing it high.
2 runs, whips this down to fine leg where Sodhi dishes out a sliding stop to save a couple of runs.
no run, glides the shortish delivery outside off to point.
FOUR runs, slower short ball, and the batsman has the time to manoeuvre this short ball and hit in front of deep square leg for four.
2 runs, good length at middle stump, steps out and flicks to deep midwicket's right. Gaikwad fumbles and they come back for the second on the long throw.
1 run, full on off stump, driven along the ground to long-off.
FOUR runs, short again, cutter from Ishant but it spins away allowing the batsman to free the arms and lash a cut past the diving Shaw at point.
no run, length ball, angling into middle stump. Gets forward and pushes to short extra-cover.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off. Sits up perfectly with a lot of width and he slaps it through cover point.
SIX runs, short and hammered over deep midwicket! He has been threatening to drag them down for a while and the batsman was ready for it.
2 runs, good length on middle, and it's the wrong'un this time. But the batsman drags it off the backfoot to deep midwicket with ease.
SIX runs, length outside off and finally the batsman times one, extends his arms and picks it up over extra cover, flat and hard for six.
1 run, bad ball, too short but he's not putting it away. Tries for the hard sweep again, but doesn't get the timing right and deep square leg collects.
1 run, on off, and pushed off the back foot towards cover. Comes off the bat's outside half, and goes to deep backward point instead.
1 run, tapped with the spin to the right of Chawla at short midwicket.
2 runs, overpithced at middle stump, clears the front leg and slogs to long-on's right. Comes back for the second.
no run, back of a length and slides in to hit the pad.
SIX runs, too much width this time, and the bowler's over is ruined at the last! A yawning swipe on the up, and clobbered flat over point, and the rope!.
FOUR runs, shuffles across on off stump and scoops it over short fine leg!.
no run, length bal, straightens into him, and he looks to flick but is beaten by the turn into him. Hits him on the pad, but going down leg.
1 run, swatted out through cover point again, but a man's been moved out into the deep in that position as damage control.
1 run, low full toss outside off, and that's been slapped to cover. The shot was good enough to beat the infielder, but KW's diving effort stops the boundary.
FOUR runs, inside edge past keeper. One for everyone, so far, runs only for two of them. Good length and cutting into the corridor as he looks to force it through cover off the back foot.
FOUR runs, googly on middle, too short and slow, Dhawan rocks back and hammers a pull shot between deep midwicket and deep squareleg.
1 run, length outside off, the batsman throws his hands at it but doesn't time it as it clears the infield but goes straight to deep cover on the bounce.
no run, short, wide, non-turning, reaches out for a cut and misses.
no run, full just outside off, and he toe-ends a drive to cover.
1 run, short of a length and turning in at off stump, gets deep in the crease and clips to long-on.
no run, shorter length outside off, he chops a cut behind point.
FOUR runs, lofted to long-on's left. Full on middle stump, gets to the pitch and it's a subdued slog. On the bounce and beats long-on's left.
FOUR runs, length around off, Dhawan goes down and sweeps it hard, beats the man at backward square leg.
1 run, full outside off, drilled to long-off for one.
2 runs, flicked along the ground out to deep midwicket.
1 run, short again, quick too, pulled down this time. Happy with the single.
no run, full on off, and angling into the batsman. He comes onto the front foot to block towards the off side.
no run, full just outside off, and defended off the back foot.
no run, too full outside off, driven but Siraj at point tumbles to his left to save.
FOUR runs, first boundary of the innings. the bowler stays short of a length, and angles this across him, but this the batsman just punches it down the ground and straight of mid-off.
1 run, slapped to deep cover.
no run, full ball down leg side, paddles it straight to short fine.
no run, straight ball on middle, the batsman stretches out and plays it right back to the bowler.
3 runs, full and angled in, the batsman uses his wrists this time and flicks it between mdwicket and mid-on, the timing wasn't as good as the previous shot and teased du Plessis all the way to the boundary, before he pulled it in with a slide to keep it to three.
1 run, length ball, the batsman goes back to work this to leg for one.
1 wide, short of a length, down the leg side, wide.
no run, beaten. Short of a length and climbing in the corridor. Steps out and looks to slash through cover. It climbs past the bat.
no run, starts off with a yorker, 139ks, dug out off the inside edge.
no run, short of a length, not much room, punched to cover-point.
no run, the batsman ventures down the track, meets a short one outside off, rides it out to point.
OUT, Godly catch from the bowler! Short on off, and he tries to pull. The ball takes the top edge, and it's in the air for just a bit, as the bowler sprints, dives forward and then takes a one-handed stunner.
no run, in the blockhole on middle and leg, gets his front leg out of the way and jabs it back to the bowler.
no run, how did that miss off stump? Full on middle, and Hardik looks to defend with the straight bat. But the ball turns away, flies past his outside edge and nearly clips off stump.
1 wide, slower ball, short of a length and wide outside off. Left alone.
no run, beats him again as the batsman pushes inside the line of a length ball moving across him.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, pulled to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, straying onto the pads, tucked away wide of short fine leg.
no run, nice and full on the stumps, defended.
1 run, short again, and he plays this towards long leg.
1 run, good length at middle stump, flicked to deep square leg.
no run, oh this is fast and furious. Short of a length, into the body, the batsman fends, it hits him high on the bat and falls where a forward short leg would have been.
FOUR runs, past short fine. Another full toss outside off, down on one knee and swept wide of the fielder.
OUT, massive slower ball. At 122ks. He is looking to leave it, but it is still there in front of his face. So he looks to ramp it, but ends up gloving it to short third man. Stand up and applaud another the batsman special. The game was in the balance when he came out to bat. The game is no more now.
1 run, short, angles into him, he gets up on his toes and whips this towards deep midwicket.
1 run, non-turning legbreak on middle, trickles it away into the leg side.
1 run, back of a length and angling in on leg, flicked through midwicket.
1 run, full on middle, forced down to long-on.
OUT, tame end to a super knock! Looked to fetch this sweep from outside off, but this spin away sharply to take the top edge as short third man took a dolly.
1 wide, slider at a length, down leg side and past the attempted glance.
no run, lbw appeal but the batsman is well down the track to try and flick this from middle stump. Hits him on the thigh too.
1 run, yorker on off, squeezes it away to point for one.
1 run, leading edge but safe! Full on leg stump, a nervous attempt at a flick and it lobs up safely to land in front of long-on.
FOUR runs, full toss wide outside off, freebie from the bowler and the batsman just times it through the covers, with no real flourish but it was four the moment it left the bat.
no run, good length, tossed up wide outside off and turning away. Left alone.
1 run, short ball skidding in at off stump. Makes room and has placed this cut nicely, but point dives to the right and parries this to sweeper cover.
1 run, banged in short on middle, spliced to long-on.
1 run, yorker at leg stump, jammed down to long-on.
no run, beaten in flight more by himself than the bowler. Steps out way too early and just manages to stab this length ball away outside off.
2 runs, nudges a full delivery on off stump through to long-on.
no run, starts off with a slower ball, on a length, on off. Defended.
no run, down the wicket again, beaten in the air again, and he ends up defending a wrong'un to cover.
FOUR runs, full outside off, de Villiers reverse scoops it over the slip fielder and beats short third-man as well.
2 runs, length at middle, soft-handed poke into the vacant midwicket region. Big boundary there and once again, Jordan is already back for the second before Mayank can call.
SIX runs, tossed up on middle stump, and it's right in the batsman's arc as he stretches out and slog-sweeps it waaay over cow corner.
1 run, tossed up on off, and that's been swept well! Drilled straight to the man at deep backward square. the batsman was quick to gauge the length there.
FOUR runs, short at middle stump, pulled in front of square this time. Not bothering to keep it down again.
no run, full, just outside off, off the inside half of the bat to mid-on.
1 run, full just outside off, tries to drive towards cover, but takes the inside edge. The ball goes towards midwicket instead.
no run, tossed up outside off, googly, drawing him forward, gets an inside edge past the stumps, however.
FOUR runs, wide of the crease, full and holds its line outside off, the batsman has a crack at it and scythes it for a one-bounce four to the cover boundary.
1 run, a googly outside off, patted towards cover for one.
SIX runs, out of the stadium! Good length and just outside off. Angled into him. He gets the front leg in the leg side and slogs across the line for a sweet connection. Over the roof at midwicket.
(no ball) FOUR runs, slipped out of his hand and chopped over point. It's an attempted offcutter and it ends up a juicy full toss at chest height with lots of width.
SIX runs, heaved over deep midwicket, Vijay Shankar got his finger tips to the ball. Mayank was taking on the big leg side boundary, didn't time it as well as he would've liked. Nervy moments for sure, just tipped it over.
1 run, another dot, and it's a full toss too, dipping in towards off stump to be driven down to long off.
OUT, cuts through him and takes out the stumps! Oh that'll feel good for the bowler. It's a googly, landing on a good length outside off. the batsman is on the back foot and swishing outside the line of this as it spins past the inside edge and tonks off stump. That's the first time the batsman has been dismissed since the season opener.
no run, just misses leg stump! The googly down leg, the batsman looks for the reverse-swat (he plays that as well very well). But bottom-edged and just misses leg stump.
no run, length on middle, pushed back to the bowler.
SIX runs, make it two. the bowler is in the slot. There is life in this chase yet. Another effortless swing. Hardly any anger. All timing. On top of the grandstand behind deep midwicket.
1 leg bye, wow. Slower ball, angling into leg stump. the batsman looks for the reverse-swat, with both third man and backward point inside the circle, but he's undone by lack of pace, and only manages a leg bye into the point region.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended to point off the front foot.
FOUR runs, whipped to the long leg boundary. Full and in at off stump, walks into the off side and uses the angle to find that boundary. Expertly done.
1 run, full and in at middle stump, lofted to long-on's right.
no run, length outside off, better length and line, nips back in sharply again but the extra bounce here takes it over the off stump.
1 run, on a length, angling in, helped around the corner for one.
no run, full and into middle stump. Flicked to midwicket.
1 run, yorker, almost one, straight at the stumps. Faf digs it out for one. And he has come back well to end this over.
1 run, good length and wide outside off, slapped on the rise to long-off.
no run, googly, back of a length outside off. Gets on the back foot and nudges to point.
1 run, short, wide, cut away powerfully, but Rohit saves three runs with a dive at cover-point.
SIX runs, wide on-pace length ball, and he goes inside-out with a drive over extra cover for a regal six.
1 run, well bowled, slower and wider outside off. the batsman drags a sweep to deep midwicket for one.
SIX runs, he is going to take the risk with the googly, look to buy the wicket, but again just a touch too full. the batsman knows he can clear this field with a mis-hit if this is in his zone. And this is not sweetly hit, and yet the skier clears long-off with ease.
1 run, good length outside off, he opens the face and runs this to third man.
FOUR runs, shortish slower ball, angling into middle stump. Keeps a touch low too, and the batsman does extremely well to generate power on this leg-side whip. Samson, sprinting to his left from deep square leg and throwing himself at the ball, can't quite stop it from running past him into the boundary.
no run, good length with some shape away in the corridor. Leans in and guides the forward defence to point.
no run, beaten. the batsman looks to open the face late to play this fine, but this short-of-a-length ball hits the seam and holds its line.
no run, good length outside off, and some extra bounce first up. Punched off the back foot to point, and well stopped by the fielder. Diving effort stops the single.
1 run, good length on leg stump, turned to square leg.
1 run, full-toss on middle, 140ks, backs away and splices it to the left of a diving Brathwaite at mid-off.
1 run, drifts on the pads and is clipped to long-on off the front foot.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, chopped to backward point.
2 runs, back of a length and outside off, the batsman reaches out for the ball with his hands and scoops it off the toe end to long-off.
1 leg bye, another quick one from the bowler but wrong line, on leg stump, thuds into the thigh pad.
FOUR runs, oh that's a bad ball. Angling on the pads again and the batsman just tickles it fine, very fine. Gift.
no run, slightly straighter and he pushes it towards cover point.
1 run, full on off, and Kishan comes down the wicket. Effectively yorks himself, so all he can do is bunt it down the ground to long off.
no run, on a length, outside off, pushed to short cover.
to Tom Curran, no run, full and at the stumps of the new batsman. Punched to mid-on.
2 runs, opens the face pretty late again as he works it away through point.
1 run, stump to stump line on a good length, patted to the bowler's right but they can't take the quick single.
no run, fuller, outside off, and the batsman can't get under this. Driven straight back to the bowler.
SIX runs, yorker gone wrong. Low full toss, on the stumps, and easily flicked away for a six over midwicket.
1 run, shimmies out, adjusts to this short googly, and nudges a singke to the leg side.
no run, short ball, backs away and swings, and makes no contact.
FOUR runs, he charges and smacks this along the ground back past the stumps! He didn't nail it but played the percentages hitting gun barrel straight.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven along the floor to long-off.
1 run, on a length, turning in, pushed down to long-on for one.
1 run, length, angled in, pushed to midwicket and they go for a quick single, Could have been close at the non-striker's end but he was probably home.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length, wide, punched to deep cover, the bigger part of the ground.
FOUR runs, dropped by Russell. He does the hard work here, but then drops it and seems to have done hismelf some damage. the bowler bowl on a length, the ball stops and the batsman gets under it, skying it over mid-off. Russell makes good ground, gets side-on, but the ball slips out. And he has hurt himself trying to save the boundary. That too in vain. He tumbles into the electronic boundary boards there.
no run, full and flat at off stump, driven back to the bowler.
2 runs, down the track and Axar angles bowls it flatter and shorter outside off. Looks for the leg-side heave and drags an inside-edge past leg stump and the keeper.
no run, sweeps and misses. Went for the big slog to this that pitched outside leg. Third googly in a row.
1 leg bye, towards the pads and it's worked fine for a single.
1 run, eased down to long on.
no run, good length on middle stump, and cramps Rinku. All he can do is uncomfortably tap it towards mid off.
1 run, good length outside off, he gets down low and cuts it to the sweeper on the cover fence.
no run, a short delivery outside off, the batsman tries to scoop the ball over short third man but makes no connection. Clever change in length.
no run, short and wide outside off, cut firmly, but straight to cover point.
1 run, and now he goes for the sweep, top edges it but it doesn't carry to deep squareleg.
FOUR runs, length ball, wide outside off, and he tries to punch through the covers. Ball takes the outside edge because of some extra bounce, and flies away to the third-man fence.
2 wide, slower short ball, outside off, left alone, wide. And Karthik concedes a bye as it bounces in front of him.
no run, good length, just outside off. Punched to extra cover.
1 run, length ball around middle and leg, flicked towards deep midwicket for one.
FOUR runs, just picks off where he left. Whew. You get pure aesthetic value at the very least from this guy. This is today's exhibit. Full ball just outside off, half a stride out, all of the bat face offered and gently caressed wide of mid-off.
1 run, wide of the crease, slanting in at off stump, Hardik opens the face, tips the ball to short third man and hares across. The fielder (Kulkarni) misses a direct hit at the striker's end.
1 run,  run out missed at the bowler's end by KL Rahul.  Big mix-up. the batsman looks to hoick but misses, hits the pad and deflects behind the stumps. He wanted a leg bye but was sent back. The throw at the bowler's end is very, very wide.
1 run, good length and swung away in the corridor, chopped to backward point's left.
1 run, full on leg stump, and going straight through. Takes the batsman's pads, and trickles down to short fine leg.
1 run, back of a length, he opens the blade and angles this to third man.
1 run, rocks back and pulls this short ball to Samson at deep midwicket.
1 run, length on leg stump, looks to push at it, thick inside edge towards long leg.
1 run, eased with the spin to long-off.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, skidding straight on. Dropped in front of point with soft hands.
no run, on a length, middle and leg, headed towards off, played defensively again as he looks for a single that he can't find.
no run, the legbreak outside off, pushed to cover. Excellent spell from the young leggie: 4-0-21-1.
no run, tries to go back and late-cut this length ball, but gets a bottom edge.
no run, backs away and makes room. But he finds backward point with the cut. Slower ball lifts up at off stump.
1 run, massive slower ball, and he toe-ends it to long-off for one.
1 run, full, just outside leg, inside-edged to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, overpitched just outside off, and that's been muscled down the ground past the bowler's left. Long off's there though.
OUT, sensational Pollard! Seems to give us one of these every year. Full and in at leg stump, lines it up and wants to club that over long-on. Makes decent connection, but little elevation on that. Well, too little when it's Pollard anyway. A couple of strides to his left,  and then he jumps up and reaches for that with his right palm. The ball clatters into his forearm, it appears, and threatens to drop to the ground. But after all that he's done up to that point, he's still alive to it and recovers to get his hands in position and hold on low to his left. A special catch to end a special innings. Grins sheepishly at his dugout behind him.
1 run, length, angles into him, and he plays this with soft hands towards point and sets off for a single.
no run, bouncer outside off, the batsman ignores it, pulling his upper body out of the way.
SIX runs, beauty! Excellent use of the feet as he gets underneath the flight and swings this over long on.
FOUR runs, chopped between keeper and slip.Googly coming back in at off stump, just short of a length. He's jumping into the leg side for the cut and this comes off the edge to dribble past Gayle's left shin.
1 run, length, and he plays this towards cover and rushes through for a quick single. Almost runs into the umpire, and then has a bit of bi-play with him.
1 run, length ball on middle stump, looks to slog, thick inside edge to deep midwicket.
1 run, back of a length and angling away outside off, Kishan hangs back, rides the bounce, and eases the ball to deep third man.
1 run, squeezes the drive to point for a quick single.
1 run, back of a length on the hips, swatted to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, on a length, the batsman looks to go over cover, gets the thick edge over short third man for four.
SIX runs, oh wow, unreal. Casually launches this over the long-off boundary. It's short of a good length and a slower ball. He's just held a strong base, waited on it, and swung on the up from a fully static position. Incredible.
1 run, slaps this short delivery to Dre Russ who hares across to stop this cleanly at sweeper cover.
no run, good length on off, a rare forward defence.
SIX runs, a straight six! Flat and straight, and that same error again, it's full. Rohit clears his front leg and launches this over long-on for six.
1 leg bye, another quick bouncer, jags in from outside off. He's too late on the pull and gets pinged below the shoulder. they take a single with the ball rolling towards short third man.
no run, quicker one on middle, the batsman plays back again and gets his bat down on it just in the nick of time.
2 runs, length ball on the stumps, the batsman chops it off the back foot into the cover region. He didn't time it that well so the ball wasn't travelling quick. But the batsman is quick on his feet and spots the opportunity of a second run, runs like the wind to make it.
1 run, good length on off, and cut fine! Races away to the fielder at third man. Excellent spell from Sran so far.
no run, on a length, just outside off, defended from the crease.
1 run, length ball, gets it to turn a bit, worked away between midwicket and mid-on.
FOUR runs, paddled over short fine. Not entirely in control, it looked like, but it flew over the infield. Axar once again punished for firing it in. Hasn't learnt.
1 run, full outside off, big stride out to flick to deep midwicket's right.
1 leg bye, tries to loft the ball off his pads, it was fullish, but he can't get bat on it.
no run, short ball, well directed at the batsman, who isn't always comfortable against that length, but manages to sway out of the way.
no run, full and wide outside off, more away movement. Left alone.
no run, good finish to the bowler, shorter and sharper, zipping through to the keeper from back of a length.
no run, length ball, just outside off, tentatively defends into the surface as the ball lands close to the stumps.
no run, lots of flight around middle and off, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, quick length ball, wide, he has late-cut this, but can't beat the diving short third man.
no run, straight ball on middle, played back to the bowler.
1 run, on a length, into the pads, nudged to midwicket for one.
1 wide, tries the offcutter, but misses the line. Full on leg stump, and going past the batsman's pads.
SIX runs, banged in short and angling away outside off, the batsman was waiting for this length. He upper-cuts it over Watson at slip for a flat six. The ball hits the ad boards on the flush.
1 run, short of length outside off, backs away and opens the face of the bat, one bounce to third man.
no run, short and up at the chest. Watchfully defended into the leg side.
OUT, breaks leg stump! Good length on leg, but the batsman's caught in two minds. Chooses to defend eventually, but the ball sneaks through between bat and pad. This game's not over yet, folks! But for now it's the time out.
1 wide, slower ball, short and down leg side. Looks to play the pull and gets an edge that doesn't carry to the keeper.
1 run, on a length, driven on the up, single to mid-off.
1 run, floated outside off, driven off the front foot to long-off.
OUT, the bowler has bounced out Suryakumar the batsman. Harbhajan who caught the ball at deep square leg lets out a big roar and fiercely kicks the ball away. Chest-high short ball on off stump, rushes the pull and the top edge is held by Harbhajan in yellow.
no run, pitched up this time, and he presses forward and drives to cover.
no run, good length at middle stump, tapped to midwicket on the up.
no run, loses his timing. Tries to whack this length ball across the line, gets an inside edge back to the bowler.
no run, wide length ball, room to swing his arms. Swing his arms the batsman does, but the ball seams back to beat the inside edge. Incredible that the bowler gets seam movement in this format too.
1 run, carrom ball at a length on middle stump, tapped through square leg off the back foot.
1 run, steps out, smashes this full toss to cover and scampers a quick single.
1 run, full outside off, drilled off the inside of the bat towards mid-on.
1 run, gets bat on this one, and takes the single to bring Samson back on strike.
SIX runs, joins the party as he slams this length delivery over extra cover. Sailed over the ropes. Made room and used his forearm power to loft this. Woah, sensational.
1 run, backs away and slaps this length ball to deep cover.
1 bye, offcutter on leg stump, and the batsman's deceived for the pace. Tried to pull but through his shot too early. De Kock can't grab onto it either, so the batsman manages to steal a run.
1 run, short, the batsman hurried into the pull, gets a single to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, slices over the off-side infield. the bowler getting special treatment. Length ball on off stump and the batsman is jumping down the pitch before if lands. Makes room and carves it over point.
FOUR runs, what a shot! Driving on the up inside out through cover-point! It wasn't a half-volley but he manipulated his hands to place it in the gap and timed it superbly.
FOUR runs, hip-high short ball on middle, the batsman rolls his wrists and pulls it away behind square, placed to the right of fine leg.
1 run, short of a length and wide outside off, cut to third man.
no run, short and pushed across off stump. Cut off the back foot but can't beat Smith to the right at extra cover.
FOUR runs, crunched through cover! Too short, and the ball just sat up outside off. It's a slow track, and his length was all wrong.
1 run, short of a length at off, punched to sweeper cover.
1 run, length on the pads, the batsman clips it to fine-leg for one.
FOUR runs, short, wide, angling in, but the batsman stays back to use the pace and late-cut it past point.
1 run, gets some reverse, tailing in a bit at yorker length and pacy. Pushed to mid-off. Excellent, excellent over from the bowler.
SIX runs, that is a de Villiers special. A back-foot drive to a slow bowler and way way above long-on for six. As the phrase has gone around this year, the bowler has been the batsmaned this ball.
FOUR runs, too short, and the batsman goes back to pull this, and he has out this in the gape between long-on and deep midwicket. Stokes puts in a full-length dive to his right, gets a hand to it, but the ball keeps rolling on. The outfield is quick.
1 run, works this against the line to midwicket.
no run, flat length ball outside off, blocked back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, googly on middle, he seems to have picked this one up, rocks back and pulls hard and flat, bisecting deep squareleg and deep midwicket.
1 run, good length, angled into off, he turns this with the angle behind square for a single.
OUT, that's poor running from Narine. good length coming in from outside off, the batsman has tucked this to deep square leg and it seemed like there was a two there, but Narine was very slow on his feet and he's well out of the crease at the non-striker's end when Aaron's throw comes in and the bowler whips the bails off. What's more they ran one run short too, so quite a pointless wicket all around.
no run, another sharp quick bouncer, beats his attempt to pull. the bowler has bowled an excellent over here. Could be the difference between a win and a loss.
OUT, the batsman looks to take on the slow pitch and perishes. Skips down, gets a length ball in the slot, but he ends up hitting this slower offcutter straight to long-off.
no run, superb delivery first up. On a length, just outside off, and then moving off the seam, against the angle. the batsman pushes inside its line.
no run, right into the blockhole, dug out to the off side, nearly a collision with the bowler at the non-striker's end. Krunal receives some treatment and water. Small break in play.
no run, pulls out the reverse sweep to a length ball outside off, but plays it straight to short third man.
no run, stands outside leg as he tries to go over cover, the bowler follows him and cramps him for room, defended. Top bowling.
1 run, dipping full toss on the stumps, squeezed out to long-on.
2 runs, quick wrong'un, following Faf who was jumping outside leg, cramps him for room, jabbed to mid-off.
OUT, and another. Oh this is poor. Length outside off, dipping, drawing him forward. the batsman into a lazy front foot poke. Thick edge past slip. Russell takes for the run. the batsman is still trying to get up as backward point picks up and puts in quite a bad throw at the other end. the bowler has to lunge and hold on, then recover to flick this onto the stumps. And he does what's required.
1 run, sweep now. Gets a single to long leg.
FOUR runs, oh yeah! Gimme that, he says. It's an offcutter, but the pace is enough. Waits for this length ball outside off, leans in to meet it on the up and punch it past extra cover.
OUT,  and the bowler has the batsman stumped. Turn, turn turn. Big turn! Tossed-up legbreak, starts on leg stump and screams away outside off. the batsman closes his face and aims it clip it away to the leg side. He can't touch it. Ripping turn for the bowler, it leaves the batsman overbalanced. De Kock breaks the bails off. A run-a-ball 26 from the batsman - Badrinath-esque innings on a very tough track.
FOUR runs, a thick outside edge races away through third man! Another cutter, it actually cuts off the pitch. Takes the outside edge and flies to the third man boundary.
1 run, googly, back of a good length and going away outside off. Punched to long-off.
2 runs, comes down the track and slams it down the ground, it's racing away but Maxwell throws in a dive while running to his left from long on and saves two. Excellent effort.
FOUR runs, throws his bat this one, short and wide outside off and it takes the toe end of the bat to run down fine to third man for a boundary. Perhaps not in control of it exactly, but that was a poor ball.
1 run, sweeps extremely fine. Gets his front leg across and just about gets and that takes it very fine.
no run, good length on middle stump, clipped to midwicket.
1 run, good length just outside off. Karun the batsman opens the bat's face and pushes it towards deep extra cover. Happy to give the strike back to Gayle.
1 run, slower short ball at middle, pulled to deep square.
1 run, length on middle stump, gets forward and clips to long-on on the rise.
1 run, down the wicket, hits this powerfully, straight of long-on, but Dhawan makes a diving save to his left.
1 run, back of a length on off, dabbed to the right of backward point.
OUT, taken at deep midwicket! This is such smart bowling from the bowler. Always seems to know exactly what to do when he's in RCB colours. Lobs this one up at 74kph, looping at a good length on leg stump. Tempts QDK into the slog sweep but with long boundaries and almost nothing in the air, that is a hard shot to play. Not to mention the overspin. Taken well inside the boundary.
no run, looped up outside off, wrong'un, the batsman stretches out but does not meet the pitch, the ball spins in and beats the big slog-sweep.
no run, another slider from around the stumps, and the batsman can't lay bat on an expansive attempted pull.
SIX runs, that's another poor delivery. the bowler is nicely feeding to the batsmen's strengths here. Lots of room outside off, and all he swings across without moving his feet but still manages good meat to clear long-on by a distance.
no run, offcutter, back of a length and just outside off. Gets on top of the bounce and dabs it straight to short third man.
no run, turn from him, off a length, outside off. Defended to cover.
FOUR runs, another reverse sweep, and he has nailed it this time. DC and RCB will love this. KKR will absolutely hate it.
OUT, goes short outside off, and the batsman's pull takes the top edge! Hardik gets under it, and manages to keep his composure.
1 run, on off stump, and the batsman taps it with soft hands towards wide mid on. Will get Tripathi on strike.
no run, short and quick at leg stump. Shuffles and looks to ramp it fine, but can't get bat on it.
no run, Beaten! Backs away to carve this over point but Laughin shortened his length and angled it in to cramp him for room.
no run, full on off stump, pushed down the pitch.
FOUR runs, slower full ball outside off, Suryakumar forces the ball in the air. Jadeja leaps to his left but the ball bursts out of his hands.
2 runs, slower legcutter, short of a length, outside off, hit in front of deep point for two.
1 run, takes a step down this time and turns the ball to midwicket for one.
2 runs, good full wide ball, hit to deep cover. Not many batsmen take the suicidal second off the last ball for some reason, but these guys are not bothered about their averages. the batsman charges off for the second, which looks like will be his wicket, but Kohli's throw is wide, and he completes the second. I would have liked them to go for the third too. Keep running till you are run out.
1 run, length on middle, pushed to long-off.
2 runs, short of a length and into middle stump. Mistimed pull to long-on's right.
1 run, full toss on off, the batsman pushes it to long-off to retain strike.
FOUR runs, poor ball. Overpitched outside off, drilled away through cover with so much ease. No hassle at all.
no run, high back lift, but Pandya yorks the batsman.
1 run, Parthiv leans back to this short ball outside off and guides it to deep third man for one.
FOUR runs, clean strike over the bowler's head. Too full and the batsman's eyes lit up as he belted this away.
1 run, sounds like a dropped catch and then overthrows. Short of good length ball sliding into the corridor. Late cut and a thick edge on it. Bairstow doesn't hold on and then he isn't alert to the throw from short fine. This trickles down to long-off.
1 wide, tossed up but way wide of off and called.
no run, ice legbreak outside off, turns away to beat him but not wide enough to be called.
no run, full on middle, and no spin this time. the batsman takes a big stride forward and defends it back to young the bowler. Time out.
no run, full and wide outside off again! the batsman backs away and therefore can't reach at it. Through to the keeper.
1 run, punched on the up past the bowler, to long-off.
2 runs, played with the angle, slanting into him, and they run two as it trickles away towards square leg.
1 run, slower short ball, runs this down to third man for one.
SIX runs, down the track to a back of length ball and the batsman connects well with the pull, sends it over deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, straight, bunted to leg for one.
no run, lunges forward and bunts this full delivery to cover.
1 run, inside edges a drive off the pad to cover, quick single pinched.
FOUR runs, nearly chopped on! This one just shaves past off stump and beats the keeper to the fine leg boundary.
1 run, good length and just outside off, opens the face and runs this to third man.
1 run, flatter, quicker, punched to deep cover.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to deep square.
no run, googly, inside-edged to short fine leg.
no run, short of a length and angled into middle stump, onto the back foot to pat this to midwicket.
no run, pitched up and slanting away outside off, lovely flow of the hands through the line but Faf's drive finds cover.
FOUR runs, drilled over mid-off! the bowler making life easy for the batsman today it seems. Length ball on off stump, backs away and slams this flat.
no run, tossed up, outside off, turns sharply back in, and beats the inside edge as he loads up for a big drive.
1 run, low full toss, outside off, dug out to long-on for one.
1 run, arm ball on middle stump. It's the yorker this time, and the batsman squeezed it down the ground.
no run, good length and some shape away from off stump. Forces him to defend into the covers.
2 runs, short and just outside off, chopped to sweeper's left.
no run, sharp bouncer, just outside off, and the batsman wants to have nothing to do with this.
FOUR runs, chopped past first slip! Raina's dive to his right sn't good enough. It was too close to his body for the cut, but he played it anyway. Off the bat's edge, but just beyond Raina. Third man can't intercept either.
no run, beaten by sharp turn. Looks to lunge forward and jab. Lovely from Shreyas.
OUT, taken to his right by AB! 130kph, good length ball just outside off. Lands on the seam and gets big on him. Once again an angled bat from SKY and he can't control this attempted back foot tap into the off side. Thick edge taken easily and that must be the first non-Malinga Sri Lankan IPL wicket in ages.
1 run, flat, on a length, punched down to long-on for another single.
2 runs, full outside off, the batsman looks for the six over long-off, but the outside edge flies over cover for two more.
1 leg bye, good length and into leg stump. Deflected to fine leg's right as he looks to flick.
1 run, slow and short. the batsman nearly misses this one as he tries to go too square with the pull. But he manages to stay on his feet and get bat for a single at deep square.
no run, better delivery, just outside off, the batsman looks to drop it and run, but hasn't created any distance between the bowler and the ball.
2 runs, down for the sweep early, the bowler shortens the length, he places it wide of the deep fielder on the leg side. Comes back for two.
FOUR runs, and again. Short of a length and width outside off. Waits leg side of that and opens the face late to send it blazing to the third man boundary.
1 run, short of a length, he heaves across the line, the bat twists in his hand and he mistimes towards midwicket.
no run, good comeback by the bowler, 138kph back of a length outside off and this track has bounce from that length. the batsman stays in his crease to cut it but the ball goes over his bat.
OUT, how high? Very, very high but he's only hoicked this as far as deep midwicket, who was at least 20 yards in. the batsman had to go from ball one, can't blame him there. Another knuckleball has given the bowler a wicket.
1 run, short, rocks back and pulls against the turn without much control, on the bounce to deep midwicket.
OUT, outside off, and he looks to go inside out, but cannot clear Shubman Gill at the extra cover fence. What a wicket for the bowler to strike with!.
no run, short of a length outside off, chopped straight to cover.
1 run, forcing shot off the back foot to a length ball on off, but Axar moves to his left quickly at cover to cut it off.
no run, stays low and well outside off, Rohit steers it to short third man.
OUT, that is a bit of a nothing dismissal. Short of a length, just outside off, and he punches at it but neither is he looking to go over the infield nor bothers to keep it down. Caught at backward point. And today was a day when the batsman looked in good touch.
OUT, there's the answer. Dhawal Kulkarni's on the fine leg boundary, and he runs to his right and takes a simple one after Suryakumar miscues a hook off a the bowler bouncer that gets up over his right shoulder.
2 runs, high full toss, about thigh height. A slower ball at 119kph. Mistimed slog to deep midwicket's left.
1 run, full outside off, driven into vacant cover.
FOUR runs, the batsman's taking charge. He's not going to allow another botched chase on his watch. Super shot this, gave himself room and drove it from his toes through extra cover.
1 run, on a length, skidding on, wrong'un again, dabbed out, just to the left of cover.
no run, straightens after drifting in a touch, the batsman gets a leading edge that rolls to cover point.
1 run, good length and just outside off, poked to extra cover's left with soft hands.
no run, full just outside off, the batsman opens his bat's face and glances it towards backward point.
1 run, full on middle and leg, punched to long-on.
no run, nice, more slowness and extracts some turn. Outside off, Yusuf gets forward and blocks.
1 run, on pace, full, into the pads, a bit of a helicopter to long-on for one.
(no ball), near yorker, outside off, driven to mid-off. This is a no-ball.
no run, good length and into leg stump. Looks to punch to long-on. Bowler cleans up to his right.
no run, short of a length and ripping in outside off, beaten on the slash.
1 run, wide of the crease, the bowler hits a hard length, on off, jabbed to the covers off the back foot.
1 run, ugly swipe across the line to this slower ball, on a length on middle and leg. The ball loops up off the top edge but lands safe, well in front of deep midwicket.
1 run, back of a length again outside off, but the batsman has watched and knows the ball holds up. Waits for it and slaps it down to third man gently. Superb from the bowler at the top, just 17 runs in four overs. And would have been 13, if not for a mis-fielded boundary in the first over.
no run, length ball outside off, defended to short extra.
1 run, full, angling into middle stump, and the batsman drives it past the stumps at the other end, to the left of long-on.
OUT, chipped into the covers, Dhawan comes and then changes his mind  and Mandeep hits the stumps at the non-striker's end with Shaw stranded! Give his partner a reproachful look, it was Dhawan's call but he decided it wasn't on way too late for Shaw to get back. Excellent throw to hit one-and-a-bit stumps.
no run, getting some turn is the bowler, but the line is a bit off. Pitches on middle and turns to leg, tucked off his pads in the square leg region.
1 run, short of a length and outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
1 run, good length outside off, leans into the drive to long-off.
1 run, mis-hit down to long-on for one as the bowler doesn't let him get under it. First over without a boundary this innings.
no run, back of a length, fourth-stump line, jabbed to point.
1 run, and he does well to finish off. Full and wide, doesn't allow him a free hit to the short boundary. Driven hard but only a single to deep cover.
no run, length, turns away, and the batsman withdraws at the last moment after shaping to drive this.
SIX runs, back of a length and angling away outside off, the batsman clears his front leg and launches it over Rinku Singh at the long-on boundary. Clean strike.
no run, back of a length, on off, he's back and defending.
FOUR runs, over extra cover. Sweet, sweet stuff, this. Overpitched ball outside off, half a stride out and just gets his hands through this so smoothly from underneath.
no run, goes wide of the crease, and delivers a straight ball, defended back to him.
no run, misses this time, slower length ball but way outside off, a swing and a miss.
no run, good length and pushed past the tramline outside off, left alone.
OUT, a direct hit at the non-striker's end. And the batsman is well short. Full slower ball outside off, gets well forward and opens the face to run this to point. Shankar swoops down on that and releases quickly to hit the stumps on the half volley.
1 run, flatter, on middle, and worked off the back foot to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, first runs off the bat! Searching for the swing again, and going full on middle. This time it angles down leg, and the batsman comfortably flicks this past the keeper for four.
no run, beaten trying to work to the leg side.
SIX runs, pumped straight again! Thrown the bowler's plans right off! He goes fuller this time, and it's right in the arc. Gets the front leg out of the way and nails the connection.
no run, good length and turning away outside off, punched into the covers off the back foot.
1 run, flat again, on leg stump, and he nurdles it to the left of midwicket to pick up one.
1 run, full toss, angling in, cramps him up as he backs away. Just the single to long-off.
SIX runs, slower ball outside off, de Villiers is nearly on the ground as he swats it over deep cover-point, somehow generating insane power to clear the fence.
2 runs, deftly done. Short of a length outside off and he guides it past short third man with an open face.
OUT, pulled to Short who times his jump to perfection to take this leaping catch at deep midwicket. Is this the catch that turns it? Local boy Shreyas has silenced the Bengaluru crowd as he does a lap.
no run, appeal for lbw but no review. Length and skidding on. the batsman goes across the line, trying to pull. Cops this on the flap.
2 runs, walks out of his crease and whips a full delivery from outside off to the right of long-on.
1 run, good length on middle stump, and the batsman comfortably taps it towards square leg for a quick run. Expensive over.
1 run, wide of the crease, bowls this shortish cutter outside off. Makes room and slaps to deep point.
FOUR runs, seems like a seam-up ball outside off, and the batsman runs it down towards third man. Smart shot, keeps it wide of Gayle at first slip.
1 run, big inswinger that Dhawan has survived this time! Nailed him with a yorker last match. This one is marginally shorter, more driving length. Into leg stump and he's scrambing, both feet sliding around the crease as he flicks onto pad and Rahane steals a run from the keeper.
1 run, quicker ball! The extra bounce gets big on the batsman, but he still manages to fend it towards short cover. No one's there, so the batsman rotates the strike as well.
1 run, length ball just outside off, looks to drive, gets a thick inside edge to short fine's left.
1 run, an excellent yorker, on off. Jammed away to cover. Superb delivery by the bowler, three very good balls, but five runs easily made.
SIX runs, backs away but he's denied the free swing because the bowler angles into his body. No problem. He still swings through, gets a top-edge that flies over the fine leg boundary.
2 runs, slower short ball at middle stump. Through the pull shot too early. Thick inside edge to deep square's left.
FOUR runs, just short of a good length and outside off, the batsman frees his arms and chops it hard to the ground, beats point to his right.
1 run, good length and in the corridor. Uses the angle to whip to long-on's left.
FOUR runs, full on leg, and Dhawan sweeps this with a lot of power! Played along the ground, past backward square, and the fielder in the deep has no chance.
2 runs, sweetly hit as he waits for the full delivery on the pads and whips it through square leg.
1 run, low full toss, slanted across, pushed down to long-off.
1 run, flicked to deep fine leg where Searles slides to cut it off.
1 run, back of a length, outside leg stump, and clipped off his waist to deep backward square once again.
to Finch, 1 run, another slower ball, 115ks, and this one grips and turns. Just the one leg-bye.
no run, good length on off stump, blocked on the front foot.
no run, length around off, the batsman once again shuffles across and tucks it towards midwicket, another dot.
SIX runs, clubbed over extra cover! the bowler was looking to take away the slog and the scoop with that last ball. Goes with the same ball again, length, slow and wide. This time he waits for it and hits it on the up, way way back. Stunning hit on a slow pitch.
1 run, short of a length, straight, pulled firmly to deep square leg.
1 wide, full and down leg side. Was played by the batsman's early shuffle into the leg side.
1 run, on a length, pushed through, worked away for an easy single to leg.
1 wide, short of a length and down leg side, beaten on the flick.
1 run, the stock delivery, around off. Worked away to square leg for one.
1 wide, slightly harsh call. Short ball, into the arm pit, the batsman gets inside the line and misses. Called a wide down the leg side.
OUT, oh the batsman. What is he doing here? Makes room early, the bowler slows it down, bowl an offbreak, he swings across the line, his head falls away, he misses the ball, the bowler hits the top of middle stump.
1 run, full and wide outside off, and he looks to sweep him. Thick inside edge only as far as square leg.
2 runs, length outside off, driven to long-off.
FOUR runs, clipped behind square! Full on middle, and aimed at Sky's pads. Uses his wrists to whip it over the square-leg umpire's head, and beats both men in the deep.
1 run, slower ball on middle, skewed off the inside half to deep square leg.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, runs this down to third man.
1 run, slower ball, the batsman pushes at it with hard hands and gets a thick inside edge to the keeper's left.
FOUR runs, looks for the wide yorker, and ends up bowling a wide, low full-toss. the batsman does well to reach out and slice it away between backward point and short third man.
SIX runs, lofted! What timing. Full on middle, and the batsman clears his front leg before lifting a leg-side shot right over long on! Superb sound off his bat.
no run, nicely bowled on the stumps, around middle and leg and it turned enough to make the batsman defend it back. No room whatsoever.
1 run, length outside off, punched to long-off.
1 run, darted into the pads, clipped away to deep midwicket off the back foot.
no run, good length and in the corridor, slanted in. Mistimed on-drive is picked up by midwicket to his left.
no run, beaten on the outside edge. Goes wide of the crease and gets this to straighten past the outside edge as he's rooted to the back foot.
no run, back of a length, stands tall and punches to cover.
1 run, short of a length, hurries him into the pull, but it lands short of long-on. Hits him high on the bat.
no run, another inside-out drive, on the up this time, and he can't beat extra cover.
1 run, full and dipping in to the corridor. Mistimed drive in long-on's direction.
no run, close call on the lbw. Good length and pushed through too quick for the batsman to get hold of the sweep. Caught him at leg stump though, so possibly going down.
1 run, round-arm again, good length and angled into off stump. Driven to long-off. He really slowed that down.
no run, excellent bowling. Slows the pace up outside off, the batsman checks his shot. Takes a thick leading edge towards point, does not carry. Lovely flight.
SIX runs, well, Rahul, what a player. You are a champion. You have fought through the worst of times. Give yourself something to celebrate. Gees across, shuffles early gets a wide low full toss, and sweeps it over midwicket for another flat six.
(no ball), short and just outside off, cut to cover off the back foot. As he makes connection, the stumps are broken. It's just AB's gloves. Which could mean a no-ball. They're sending it up. Yes, it is a no-ball. Stumps broken before shot offered.
no run, fuller and outside off, the batsman can just jab it back to the bowler. He ends with 4-0-14-2.
1 run, short of a length, no room, he looks to punch this to off, and gets an inside edge for a single to leg.
FOUR runs, short ball and hammered flat and hard to the right of deep squareleg, just one bounce and into the boundary it goes.
no run, stumped? The umpire's going upstairs. Good-length ball outside off, and the ball spins away from the batsman this time. Tries to smash this over the bowler's head, but misses it completely. Replays suggest that the batsman got his backfoot down in time though. Not out.
to Saha, 1 run, offcutter, turning in from a good length at off stump. 114.5kph. Dropped pitch side on the off side with soft hands.
FOUR runs, nicely done had decided on the reverse sweep, and the bowler bowled it outside off, allowing the batsman to pull it off, and beat short third man.
FOUR runs, swept past short fine! Poor ball, too full, too much leg stump and he walloped this.
1 run, good length outside off, one-handed slice through the covers on the front foot.
no run, offbreak, slow, and stays low, and takes the inside edge onto the pad.
SIX runs, outside off, and he swings this across the line, but gets it over long on. Fantastic shot!.
SIX runs, the bowler errs too full and outside off, the batsman gets under the length of this slower ball and carts it over mid-off inside the circle.
2 runs, goes for the flat-batted swat down the ground, but ends up getting an outside edge that lobs over short third man. Shami was in business for a few seconds .
no run, length on middle, rocks back and defends it back to the bowler.
1 run, good length and into off stump, punched to mid-off on the up.
FOUR runs, full on off and drilled down the ground, past the bowler and struck so powerfully that it comfortably bisects long-off and long-on.
no run, length ball around off and spinning down the leg side to beat the batsman.
1 run, fuller on off, driven to deep midwicket off the front foot.
1 run, length ball on middle, and the batsman walks across the line, before working this off his pads to deep square leg.
1 run, short and at the stumps. Squeezed out to deep midwicket.
1 run, full toss, drifts on the pads, whipped to long-on.
1 wide, full on leg stump from around the wicket, and the batsman can't flick it fine. Through to QdK, and that's been called a wide.
1 run, good length and sticking in the pitch outside off. Stays back and clips it to long-on as that stops on him.
1 run, good length and sliding in at middle. Steps out and looks to force it down to long-off. Off the inside half and trickles towards long-on.
2 runs, shuffles around, takes this on the full, and places this into the leg side.
no run, short, and he looks to swing this around. Called wide, but SRH have reviewed this for a caught-behind. the batsman was looking to move across and get this down towards fine leg, and Bairstow collected. From the first look, it looks like it might have taken a bit of the thigh pad. Will have to take this back and call it a dot ball.
no run,  magnificent effort, but can't hold on at mid-on. Oh, Kohli has dropped a tough chance!  Drilled down the ground, Kohli took two steps to his left and then stretched to go with his left hand. Bobbled out as his elbow hit the turf.
no run, length ball, hard Test-match length. Lands on middle, and meets Kishan near his chest. Tapped back off the back foot.
FOUR runs, full and sliding into middle and leg, the batsman gets down and sweeps through midwicket.
no run, short and wide outside off, cut on a slow pitch ends up on the bounce at extra cover.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, the batsman digs it down the ground, a single to long-off.
no run, wide of the crease, another slower cutter, another swing and a miss. The crowd has been hushed into silence.
OUT, taken at long-on. Low full toss at middle stump, wants to loft it over that fielder but it's come off the low part of the bat and is taken well inside.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, outside off, dhawan shuffles and works this to leg for one.
1 run, full just outside off, and he shuffles across the stumps before clipping a shot to deep midwicket.
no run, on a length, outside off, slight swing, hits the inside half of his bat.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, and the batsman slaps that past cover! Loose ball from Watto, and that's been crunched in front of the man at deep extra cover. No stopping that!.
FOUR runs, squeezes it past short third. the bowler goes change-up, with a seam-up. It's yorker length across the corridor and he jams the bat down, opens the face and gets it between backward point and short third.
1 run, length outside off, mistimed tap towards mid-off, on the up.
1 run, quick googly, Rohit picks this from length and turns this to the leg side to get off the mark.
SIX runs, That's outta here! That's the Thala Chennai wants to see. Nice and full on off, in the slot, the batsman clears his front leg and launches it hiiiiigh and far over midwicket. Bang. He has monstered it over the leg-side boundary.
no run, length ball, outside off, hits him high on the bat as Singh defends.
1 run, full and straight, worked away to deep midwicket for a run.
1 run, full inswinger onto the pads, flicked to midwicket's right and only a half stop there after a dive.
1 run, offbreak, middle and leg, turning down, helped around the corner for one.
no run, floated up and turning away slightly outside off, the batsman shuffles and keeps the bat inside the line.
2 runs, full on off, and the batsman lifts this over midwicket. Off the bat's toe end, so it doesn't have the legs to go the boundary.
no run, another slower one, good comeback from the bowler this over. Defended to point.
1 wide, bouncer's dug in too short. Climbs over head-height as he ducks under this.
2 runs, full outside off, sliced to deep backward point's left and takes on his arm to complete two.
1 run, squared up by the length, but the batsman readjusts as he angles this down to third man.
no run, turns square and beats the edge! That's vicious turn from middle stump as he tries to turn it to the leg side and actually gets a feather on it but the keeper can't collect it cleanly.
1 run, dug in short on middle, the batsman hastily pulls the ball to deep square leg.
no run, cramped but he gets bat on this. Short of a length ball climbing up at his ribs as he looks to cut.
1 run, short of length on middle and leg, tucked away towards square leg.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicks to deep square off the front foot.
2 runs, quick ball outside off, it doesn't turn, and runs off the outside edge for a couple.
2 runs, walks across but it's a yorker outside off that's been dug out to deep point.
SIX runs, full on middle and the batsman has launched this down the ground to finish the game in style and deny Dhawan the hundred.
no run, gets half a stride in as he keeps out this length delivery.
OUT, knocks out leg stump and belts out a victory cry! the batsman pretty static in his stance outside leg stump. Looks like he was trying to open up the off side. It's a slider on a good length, and he swishes for the initial line as it beats the inside edge.
no run, yorker down leg side, and he can't get bat on the attempted slog as he walks into the leg side.
1 run, good length on off stump, and he backs away to cut it towards the off side. Mistimed, but enough to earn a run.
no run, another length ball pushed straight to mid-on.
no run, full on middle and leg, he keeps it out.
2 runs, slower ball, outside off, and he plays a slightly airy shot through covers. The man at deep backward point will get around to it to limit the scoring to two.
no run, forced to leave that. Short slower ball going across the corridor. Had shaped for the pull but that just didn't arrive. Decided to drop the bat and let it go.
1 run, googly, good length and into leg stump. Flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, good length and spun away outside off, defended off the back foot.
OUT, GONE AGAIN! Slower ball, outside off, and he was looking to get towards covers, but just popped it up towards Rutherford at cover. Third golden duck in a row! Somewhere, you just know Ajit Agarkar is watching and smiling :).
FOUR runs, full and just outside off, clears the front leg and lifts this straight over the bowler. Jofra missed on the yorker.
no run, beaten. Length ball skids on, very very low. Looks to just feel for that as it skids between inside edge and off stump.
no run, round the wicket, short of a length at off stump, defends this while jumping in the crease nicely bowled.
1 run, short of a length and down leg side, steered to fine leg with the angle.
no run, slower ball on off, Bairstow takes off again and has to dive to make his ground at the non-striker's after he was wisely sent back by the batsman.
no run, back of a length, but just outside off. the batsman goes onto the backfoot, and blocks.
2 runs, slower short ball, pulled away to the left of deep midwicket but Axar the bowler puts in a diving save to save two runs. This is a great effort. The control on the ball is amazing. As his dive approaches the rope, he lets go off the ball.
1 run, full on off, comes forward and pushes it to long-on.
1 wide, bouncer, dug in too short. Sways away from it.
no run, slower through the air, no turn, Pandya defends, the ball bounces near his toe, and then bounces off the toe. the bowler appeals for the catch.
1 run, full and very wide outside off, and Jofra mistimes a drive to cover. Walks across for a single. His bat is broken too.
FOUR runs, this is a crunching cover drive. Pierced the gap to perfection. Not a half-volley by any means and he hit through the line without a trace of worry.
1 run, length on off stump, driven on the rise to long-off.
1 run, tucked off the hips through square leg, another slower one from the bowler.
1 run, nudged down to long on to turn the strike over.
1 run, quick legbreak, full, gets a leading edge into the covers for one.
1 run, full on off stump, pushed to extra cover's right off the front foot.
FOUR runs, and he gets four. Flat down leg, helped along past short fine leg. He dives in vain. Big play because it's four. FOUR.
OUT, appeal for caught behind! But not given. Williamson reviews straightaway. Sunrisers look convinced. It was a good length ball outside off, and jagging just into the batsman. He tried to run it fine, but the ball took the outside edge. UltraEdge shows a big spike, and the umpire has to reverse his decision.
1 run, short of a length at middle stump, steps out and has no room for the pull. Drags it down to long-on.
1 run, Surya leaves the crease again, the bowler cramps him up, and the mis-hit falls well short of long-on.
no run, slower and fuller on the stumps, defended.
1 run, slants a short ball across, the batsman cuts and gets a thick bottom edge to Harbhajan at square third man.
1 run, good length on off, and angling into his pads. Tapped towards deep midwicket on this occasion.
no run, leading edge trickles safely to extra cover. Length ball dipping at leg stump and he closes the face early on it.
1 run, flicks the tossed up delivery on leg stump through midwicket - cause midwicket had gone to fine leg after that last sweep shot.
1 run, flatter on middle, worked wide of midwicket.
1 run, fired full on the stumps, punched to deep cover again.
1 leg bye, Shreyas sets himself for a paddle, the ball rushing on and coming off his pad, rolling fine of short fine leg.
SIX runs, the helicopter has taken off. The wristy whip from outside off to the deep midwicket boundary. Sensational from the batsman. Not much wrong with the delivery, Umesh has an exasperated look.
no run, thick outside edge off an opened bat face, on the bounce to Lynn at short third man.
1 run, good length and just outside off, leans in and pushes to cover's right.
2 runs, full on off stump, and smothered with the spin towards the leg side. Calls early for the second, and they manage to complete it. Just about.
no run, tries to force a cut from close to the body and knocks it towards point.
no run, short on off, hangs back and fends it behind to the keeper.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, slices to third man who is very fine.
1 run, back of a length, goes on straight towards off stump, lets it come on and works it to deep midwicket.
1 run, length around off, moves across and flicks it towards midwicket.
OUT, popped back to the bowler tames of dismissals. This one was on the length from where the ball is holding up. It held up even more, pitched on off and spinning away, and Moeen was way too early into his shot, trying to drive. Ends up popping the ball in the air off the end of the bat, and the bowler has all the time in the world to pluck the catch over his head. What a start by the bowler and Chennai.
(no ball), oh no-ball because he has knocked the wicket at the non-striker's end. He has done it with the hand as it goes up for the delivery.
1 run, back of a length outside off, opens his bat face and stabs towards backward point. No single was available, but Axar concedes an overthrow with a needless throw to the non-striker's end with the bowler still where he ended his follow-through.
1 run, slider, down the leg side, and he gets only a little bit of bat on this.
1 wide, length, outside off, and gone way beyond the tramlines. Wide called!.
no run, back of a length on middle, going down leg, and the batsman nudges this towards square leg. Finds the fielder.
no run, slower through the air on off, forward and smothered.
no run, yorker on the stumps, right on target, dug out by the Mumbai captain.
FOUR runs, paddled to deep backward square, the batsman getting a healthy piece of bat on a full toss from Hardus that was anyway headed down the leg side.
FOUR runs, hello! Anchor, who? the batsman plonks the front leg across off stump and skies this reverse sweep to comfortably beat short third and backward point. Lovely shot.
3 wide, down the leg side, and the batsman looks for a sweep. It beats Dhoni, turning behind him, and they run two, as Nigel Llong calls this a wide.
1 run, fuller around off, stays back and taps it towards backward square leg.
1 run, length ball on middle, and angling across. Punched down the ground to wide long off.
FOUR runs, overpitched and outside off, the batsman stretches out and laces this half-volley to the right of the bowler and left of mid-off.
SIX runs, straight six. Clears the front le, gets down on a knee, and lofts this back over his head.
1 leg bye, a plea for lbw from the bowler! That pitched outside leg, surely? He's over the wicket. the batsman shuffles and catches this in front of middle as he looks for the glance. Rohit not convinced on the review.
SIX runs, caressed over the point boundary. Slower short ball, wide outside off. Waits on that and opens the face at the right moment to loft this.
no run, makes room and charges, the bowler yorks him and the batsman bunts it to cover point.
no run, that was close again! The leggie is really troubling the batsman. Changes his pace, slows it up, keeps it on a length, the batsman goes back again, but this one turns sharply back into him and he nearly chops it back on the stumps, saved by his pad that came in the way. Brilliant follow up over after Gayle's wicket.
no run, big slower ball, half-volley outside off, hit back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, full toss outside off and the batsman blasts this one between mid-off, who is up in the circle and extra cover.
1 wide, bouncer down leg side, left alone.
no run, slower ball wide outside off, away from the reach of the batsman, he swings and misses.
4 byes, is that a missed stumping? Looks like it. Full and down leg side. Down the track, big swing and nowhere near it. Philippe is rooted in his squat, can't even move to his left as this slides between batsman and leg stump.
1 run, full and outside off, driven through the line to long-off for one.
1 run, length outside off, down the track and looks to go over extra cover, a thick outside edge dribbles towards third man.
2 runs, short of a length on leg stump, flicked late, very fine to Harbhajan's right at long leg.
SIX runs, over the bowler's head this time! Back of a length on off, and the batsman rocks back before lifting a back-foot punch into the sightscreen. Simply amazing. Class is permament, folks.
FOUR runs, outside edge sprints away to third man's right. Good length and angled across the corridor. Pokes at it, inside the line and the edge is fine enough.
1 run, on pace, on length, middle and off, angling across, driven square, to the right of cover-point. They steal the single.
1 run, swings in from around the wicket, full and straight. Smashed to long-on, on the bounce!.
FOUR runs, punchy drive, beats mid-off. No chance for Krunal even though he was no more than a couple of yards away from the ball. That just kept gathering speed.
no run, full on off, and turning into his pads. Looks to work it towards the leg side, but the extra bounce hits his body.
no run, slow down leg, the batsman misses a big slog, struck on the pad.
1 run, full slower ball outside off, looks to slog this and gets a thick inside edge towards deep square.
1 wide, starts off with a wide down the leg side.
FOUR runs, the bowler finds the outside edge but it eludes the reach of Watson. Okay, dropped it is.  Drifts in and turns away, poked away, Watson dives away to his left and goes with one hand but the ball pops out.
1 run, unlucky. Length ball angling across to off stump and the batsman clears his front leg for the diagonal-bat slap down the ground. Hits it straight back towards the non-striker, and Pant tries to jump out of the way and juuust about fails to, gets a smack on his toe.
1 run, good length on leg stump, leans in and flicks to midwicket's right.
no run, slower short ball, wide outside off, and he is beaten by the lack of pace.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, misses out on a plum leg-side half-volley and finds long leg on the bounce.
1 run, good length on a fifth stump line, nicely out to the pitch of the ball to steer to third man.
2 runs, just short of the incoming deep square fielder. Short of a good length in the corridor, hurried onto him as he shaped to pull. He got too far underneath it to keep his shape and just lobbed it up. Krunal ran in a long way before putting in the dive to his left.
1 wide, full, wide outside leg stump, and the batsman misses the attempted sweep.
FOUR runs, oh poor ball. Short and slanted down leg side. Nabi holds his poise and just runs his hands through this to get it fine.
FOUR runs, short of a length, middle and off, nipping away, runs away off the outside edge for a four fine of third man.
1 run, on a length, just outside off, pushed wide of cover for one.
no run, legbreak, middle and leg, worked wide of midwicket for one.
no run, short of a length, outside off, pushed to cover.
1 wide, slower ball from over the wicket, but full outside leg stump. Through to the keeper.
1 run, the batsman steps out and clips it wide of midwicket.
1 leg bye, Parthiv misses a swat into the leg side, but the ball loops up off his hip and there's room enough for a quick single.
FOUR runs, 136 kph, it's full and wide again, may have been a wide had the batsman left that alone. the batsman swings, gives the ball everything he has. A thick outside edge flies over short third man.
1 run, short of length on off, the batsman through the short-arm jab too early, gets some bat off the edge as this rolls wide of the keeper on the off side.
SIX runs, top-edges a pull and this sails all the way. That's the shortest boundary at fine leg, around 57 metres. What does a bowler do? Hustles him for pace, causes him to rush into the stroke and then sees the ball sail away.
2 runs, fuller on off, moves across off and whips it through midwicket.
no run, short of a length, outside off, punched to cover-point.
SIX runs, short of a length on off stump, angling in from over the wicket, the batsman rocks back and pummels a pull in front of square. Bam!.
2 runs, yorker, and he digs this out and gets it towards deep midwicket. They press hard for the second, and Axar Patel just about makes it at the non-striker's end. Was a sharp throw from Hardik Pandya.
2 runs, full and low at the stumps, drilled to long-on's left.
1 run, good length, fourth stump line, he defends with soft hands towards point for an easy single.
1 run, back of a length outside off, the batsman makes room and slices a cut to backward point. Picks out the fielder very well. But a fumble allows one.
OUT, loses his stumps first ball. Overpitched ball angled away from leg stump stump. He's looking to launch it over long-on and is beaten on the outside edge. That was there for the hit and Khaleel's sheepish smile suggests he knows that. Just looked for the wrong part of the field, the batsman.
1 run, length ball, angles into him, and he plays this away towards midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, wide outside off, runs this down to third man for one.
3 runs, finally manages to find the gap between point and short third, but Tyagi gives chase and pulls that back in. Short of a length ball outside off and chopped square.
no run, good length and loopy on an off stump line. Defended watchfully off the front foot.
1 run, short of a length at off stump, backs away and cuts to sweeper's left.
1 run, slower offcutter, he looks to run this down, but is cramped up and hit on the glove. They get a single, though.
1 run, full outside off, gets to the pitch and flicks to long-on.
no run, beaten for pace! 142.4kph. Short of length outside off, Rashid looks to punch on the up but is beaten.
no run, that's a good bouncer! 141 kph, short around off, first bouncer of the over, he used that well. Hurries past the batsman's pull.
2 runs, tossed outside off, nurdled through the vacant spaces at midwicket.
1 wide, wide down the leg side, looking for that lbw ball against the batsman.
1 run, eased down to long on, just the one.
SIX runs, hat-trick of sixes! Length ball outside off, and the batsman opens his stance to go towards the leg side. Drags this from outside off and slaps it over long on once again.
SIX runs, Such a smooth swing from the batsman. Looped up full on middle, dances down the track and launches it over the bowler's head.
FOUR runs, swung away to the wide long-on boundary. This was a mishit but didn't matter. Backed away, and swung this from outside off.
1 run, full and straight, pushed to long-on for one.
no run, good length in the channel, the batsman pushes it back towards mid-off. Early call of 'NO'.
1 run, length ball on middle, and the back-foot punch takes an outside edge to third man.
1 run, googly, short of a length and just outside off. Pushed into the covers.
FOUR runs, swatted to the square leg boundary. Knuckleball, short of a length at middle stump. Swivels and places the pull to deep midwicket's left.
no run, back of a length on middle, 130 kph, punched back to the bowler.
no run, the batsman backs away early, the bowler follows him, hits him on the pad. They want the batsman on strike all the time.
1 run, played away to deep square leg for one.
SIX runs, top edge to a length ball for a six. That is how it works if you swing hard enough. Another swipe across the line, and the ball is swinging a little. But the edge flies straight back over Samson's head.
no run, on a length, 92ks, outside off, defended.
(no ball), massive swooshing drive from the batsman outside off, and he hits only fresh air. But it's a no-ball! Free hit coming up.
no run, straighter one, pushed straight to cover.
no run, looks to pull a ball that is not short enough, and it skids on to hit his pad. The pressure has to be building up.
1 wide, bouncer, Dhawan pulls out of the hook and makes a belated attempt at ramping this. Misses. But called wide on height.
SIX runs, down the wicket, creates all the momentum into a slower ball and lofts him over long-on. His first fifty of this IPL.
no run, back of a length and climbs over middle stump. the batsman backs away outside leg, has a mighty whoosh, and collects fresh air.
1 wide, strays down leg for a wide.
1 run, sliding into the pads, tucked wide of midwicket to get off the mark.
no run, back of a length at off stump, the batsman a little squared up as he defends to cover.
no run, brilliant bowling. yorker angling in from slightly wider of the crease to finish and all the batsman can do is dig it back out. Terrific from the bowler.
no run, deceived by the googly, leading edge to cover as he looks to work this to the leg side.
no run, pushed through quicker and flatter on middle, Dhawan makes room and drives straight to cover.
OUT, takes leg stump! Not a natural in this format or in this position, the batsman, and the pressure makes him walk across the stumps and expose them. It's an overpitched ball, one he might have flicked, but he has to sort of reach out and fish at this. the bowler is quick. the bowler hits the stumps.
1 run, short of a length, off-pace, he goes inside out, but gets just the single to wide long-off.
FOUR runs, wide length ball, positive movement into the ball, drives this on the up, past the man diving at point.
no run, slow turn from length on outside off, turned back to the bowler.
1 run, flicks off the pads with the angle to deep square leg.
2 runs, taps a full toss down the ground and pinches a second run as well. RCB need 10 runs to win now. AB needs 19 for a century.
no run, length on off, movement away off the seam and extra bounce, the batsman withdraws his bat belatedly.
1 run, wide on the crease, short, but the batsman has no pace to work with. So his pull shot fetches them only a single. Great over: six singles and a wide.
nan
FOUR runs, use of the feet by the batsman to go over extra cover, not the best of the timings but enough on it to take it towards the boundary.
no run, full on off, the batsman stays rooted to the crease and appears to be slightly late on it but gets his bat down just in time and pats it back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, the batsman shimmies down the track, the bowler drags his length back on off, the batsman carries through with his shot. Punched it right past the bowler for back-to-back fours.
2 runs, whips a full ball wide of long-on for a couple.
1 run, full on off, he drives to long off.
OUT, cheeky, but doesn't pay off! Length ball outside off, and Parthiv shuffles across his stumps to try and ramp it past short fine leg. Slices the shot, and Oshane is in the ball's path.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, dropped at his feet virtually. A single taken easily.
1 run, length ball, outside off, slogged to deep midwicket. He is caught but this is a free hit, remember. He has bowled the free hit well to have sent the slog to one of the two fielders outside the circle.
FOUR runs, thick outside edge that beats a leaping DK. Looked to hoick this across the line.
FOUR runs, hip-high short ball outside off, right in the batsman's swinging arc. Rocks back and muscles a pull against the intended break to the wide long-on fence.
1 run, low full toss on middle stump, but the batsman backed away a lot. Slaps it past Pant's left to third man.
no run, googly and it beats him. A bit short and Dhawan set himself up to pull, but it turned the other way.
SIX runs, a full toss but Nabi fails to middle it, or wait. He has still got enough on it to clear Pollard at long-on. Pollard jumps but the ball just evades him.
1 run, swept down to deep square.
no run, fired through, he's back and punching back to the bowler.
1 run, slider, on a length, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, slower, and shorter, and the batsman has a swing and a miss.
1 leg bye, yorker on middle and leg, and the batsman does well to get his toes out of the way. Late inswing, and that hits his boot.
FOUR runs, drags the length short and it's punished as the batsman rocks back and pulls it mightily, in front of square and to the boundary.
1 run, floated up outside off, driven to sweeper cover.
no run, short of a length, outside off, beaten on the punch. No feet.
1 run, full slower one, angling in towards off stump, shows the full face to drive to long-on.
SIX runs, goes through with the shot again! Three offcutters from the bowler and they've all been smashed! the batsman goes through with another lofted drive, this time he gets plenty of timing and power behind the stroke. Clears mid-off easily.
FOUR runs, short outside off, sits up nicely for the batsman who smokes a pull through the vacant midwicket region.
2 runs, tossed up wide, driven to deep cover for two.
FOUR runs, cracking shot. Dhawan is in some mood today. the bowler pitches short, and wide, and Dhawan is on the front foot and cuts in well in front of point.
1 run, fired in on the pads, tucked away towards squareleg.
no run, very full, and very wide outside off. Tries to carve it towards point, but finds the fielder there once again.
2 runs, short outside off, tries to fetch a pull and drags it down the ground between long-on and long-off.
SIX runs, he's clobbered this and it sails over long on. Steps out and swings this length delivery up and over. Held his pose for the cameras as well. Clean striking right out of the top drawer.
1 run, ooh, was this a chance? Tossed up, a wrong 'un, and he gets an inside edge on to the pad, as it falls away towards leg gully, and de Kock has a dive, but misses out.
no run, full outside off, the batsman still manages to angle his bat face and guides the ball to cover point.
2 runs, steps out and forces this fuller delivery into the gap at wide long off.
1 wide, not been a great start in terms of line. This one drifts down leg for a wide.
no run, full and straight, 153ks, get out of here. Consistent 150-plus bowling for two overs. Punched well but straight to mid-on.
1 run, low full toss, cramps him up, the batsman mis-hits it to wide long-on for one.
1 run, flat and straight, worked away into the gap at midwicket. But Stokes races to the ball to prevent two, from long-on.
no run, slower ball, on a good length. Wide outside off, and the batsman's been deceived by the pace once again. Tries to cut but the ball goes over his blade.
1 run, bunts one over the non-striker as he backs away to slog. Thampi just too quick off the surface for these two.
no run, looks to drive on the up but this gets a little big and hits the splice of his bat. Fielded at cover-point.
no run, short ball, gets it to rise higher than the chest. the batsman has to stand tall to make sure he fends it down.
no run, there is a review this time from CSK. Knuckle ball cuts in and hits the batsman on the back flap after appearing to beat the inside edge as he looks to flick. It's pitched outside off and come in not too bad on line. But it won't matter - it has got a bit of the inside edge. The review is lost.
1 run, back of a length on off stump. Tapped to mid on for a quick run, but it could've been a run out! the bowler ran towards the ball, and then throws it towards the non-striker's end, but the ball slips out of his hand. Oh dear.
FOUR runs, length, angling down the leg side, with a little ribbon tied around it. the batsman accepts the glorious gift with a flick to the long leg boundary again.
OUT, takes this on the rebound. This is a big wicket for KKR's overall chances. Tyagi has chipped a full ball back at him, he sticks out his right hand, onto the shoulder, and then into the chest and then his hands.
1 run, touch fuller and towards leg, helped towards square leg for one.
1 run, length, outside off, and he smacks this towards long off.
1 run, works this shortish delivery to long-on.
1 run, steered behind point as they scamper a single.
1 run, nails the yorker at middle stump. Some dip and hoop inwards at the batsman, who can only jab it down to long-on.
no run, really full on middle, stabbed back to the bowler's right.
no run, full, on off, on-pace, driven to extra cover.
FOUR runs, and again, the bowler is hit for a four first ball. Not a bad ball really. On a length, 138ks, not much room, but the batsman stays inside its line and drives it on the up through the covers.
1 run, good length and into middle stump, pushed towards long-on off the back foot.
1 wide, full, wide outside off stump, and the ball turns further away. Left alone.
no run, bouncer first up, 138ks, just outside off, and the batsman stays inside its line.
SIX runs, that is incredibly done. Far and away the best batsman of the match so far. the batsman has jumped down the track and the bowlers drags it short. Still, from that position, he's managed to make room and have enough swinging power to pull it over wide long-on.
no run, another bouncer! Short on middle and leg, through Rinku's pull. Should that have been the second bouncer of the over?.
1 wide, short ball, hip high, the batsman looks for the pick-up pull. Beaten down the leg side. Called wide.
1 run, length outside off, looks to muscle this and loses his timing. Down to long-on off the inside half.
1 run, short dart on middle and leg, back-foot punch to deep midwicket.
1 run, length on middle stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, spins back in sharply, off a thick inside edge towards square leg, the batsman was looking to whip this through midwicket.
1 run, short of a good length outside off, punched to deep cover.
1 run, googly at a length on leg stump, clipped to short fine off the back foot.
1 run, good length on off, and punched down the ground to long on for a single. The field's spread out now.
FOUR runs, full on middle, and he's smashed a straight drive over the bowler's head! Would you believe it. The apparent villain of CSK's bowling effort has turned on the heat and how! CSK need six off the final over.
OUT, he's hit this to deep square, where Shardul Thakur takes an excellent catch moving to his right. the batsman went across a touch and then swung acoss the line, didn't quite middle it as well as he would've liked.
1 run, short of length around off, moves a bit towards the off side and pulls it aerially towards deep square leg.
1 run, quicker slider, hit into the leg side, but gets just a single.
OUT, Has the batsman sold Samson down the river? Brilliant from the bowler, though! Pushed back to the bowler's right, who was quick to it despite having to change direction, turned and hurled a throw at the non striker's knocking the stumps down to find a diving Samson short of his ground. the batsman had taken off with the shot but by the time he refused the single, Samson had responded.
SIX runs, he's sliced this over deep extra cover, seemed a mishit but boy, this has carried all the way.
no run, slower ball outside off, the batsman has an ugly swing, is too early into the stoke and it takes the toe end of the bat towards point.
FOUR runs, flicks it fine and all the way to the boundary to bring up his fifty. That's also the timeout.
no run, beaten. Length, gripping and turning away outside off as he gets forward and looks to push through the covers.
FOUR runs, swept uppishly, beats deep square leg coming around. One bounce to the fence.
no run, shortish and wide, Hardik picks out Yuvraj at cover point.
no run, Umesh hits a hard length on off - neither driveable nor pullable - forced down to mid-on.
no run, quick, flat, straight, defended to leg.
1 run, full on the pads, clipped to fine leg for one more.
1 run, short, into the body, hurries him into a pull. Just the single to deep square leg.
SIX runs, goes beyond cow corner! Nicely flighted on leg stump, and Kishan uses his feet to get to the pitch of the ball. Proper slog towards the leg side thereafter.
1 wide, a slower ball goes very wrong. Back of the hand outside off, outside the tramline and called.
OUT, once too many! Tries to guide this once again, but this time he can't play it past the keeper's right. Looks to steer this short ball to the third-man boundary again, but Pant runs to his right to complete the catch.
SIX runs, length on off and de Villiers breaks the shackles, swats it over long-off, flat and hard.
1 wide, length at middle, skids down leg and past the flick.
1 run, full-toss, angling in on middle, punched down to long-on.
1 run, another slower cutter, dabbed to short third man.
FOUR runs, on a length, on off, angles away, the batsman pushes with soft hands, gets an outside edge and that goes between slip and short third man.
no run, falls short of mid-off. Moeen looks for the flowing drive through extra cover, but again his timing is all messed up, cause, this time, the bowler gets it to swing into the left-hander.
no run, right to the pitch of the ball as he caresses the drive to extra cover.
OUT, taken down leg side and that's three down in the powerplay once more for RR. Must be the fifth time this season. It's a good length ball down leg side, he looks to tickle it fine. Off the inside edge and Dhoni does well to get his left hand under this. As he takes a tumble, the ball wobbles tantalizingly in the glove but he's managed to keep it in.
1 run, length, and he has pulled this away towards deep midwicket. Brings Gayle back on strike.
1 run, fullish around off, drilled extremely hard one-bounce to long-off.
1 run, leans into the legbreak and pushes it to cover for one.
2 runs, full and moves away outside off, the batsman does not middle a drive, slices it away to the right of deep third man.
no run, short and just outside off, under-edge on the cut to point.
no run, shuffles across, Mavi doesn't give him the length to hit. Defended off the back foot.
2 runs, flat, quick offbreak, pushed to leg for a dot.
no run, Dhoni is the only one appealing, and he is given. Dhawan reviews immediately. Dhawan again shuffles across to pick the square-leg gap, but Curran bowls full and wide, and squeezes it under his bat. Bat hits the ground, the ball is nowhere near the bat, no appeal from the bowler, but another umpire finds it hard to deny a Dhoni appeal. Well done, DRS.
no run, length ball, a bit of swing back in towards middle stump. Stays leg-side of the ball to dab towards point.
no run, fuller, gets it to dip and turn, takes the outside edge and gullyfields and fires in a quick throw. the batsman had to hurry back in his crease after looking for a run.
FOUR runs, makes good connection this time! Dropped in short, pull handsomely in front of square and wide of deep midwicket.
no run, slower again, into the pitch, punched to extra cover.
1 run, googly at a length on leg stump, gets on the back foot and punches to deep midwicket. Sends Stokes back as he hares down for a second.
no run, into the pads and pushed into the leg side with the angle.
1 run, slower short ball just outside off, punched to extra cover's left. Garg slides to his left to keep  that to one.
no run, right on the stumps, the first ball, and the goes on the back foot to defend it.
no run, full and just outside off, driven ambitiously, but with little force, to extra cover.
no run, length ball around middle and off, pushed it towards covers.
1 run, full toss wide outside off, toe-ended drive into the covers.
no run, stands tall and bunts this short of length delivery to backward point.
1 run, tossed up on middle and leg, comes forward and pushes it towards long-off.
2 runs, length outside off, driven on the rise. Extra cover dives to his right and parries it to mid-off's right. The latter has a lot of recovery to do after starting to sprint to his left.
1 run, squeezes this yorker-length delivery outside off towards mid-on.
1 run, wide length ball, cut away to square third man.
no run, goes back to cover the stumps with his pads and blocks the googly in time.
1 run, slower length ball on off, bunted to point where Shreyas misfields and they pick a quick single.
no run, short of a length, on off, pushed to point.
no run, nice little push-drive to a full ball outside off. Sent straight to short cover.
no run, a slower bouncer?! Short of length outside off, the batsman was looking to cut it away but is confused by the lack of pace and ends up playing no shot.
1 run, leans forward and flicks a slow, tossed up delivery on off stump through straight midwicket.
1 run, length on middle, doesn't bounce much, the batsman pushes it towards deep midwicket for one.
no run, comes down the track to try and nudge it to midwicket. But the ball drifts in a little too much for him to make contact. Big shout for lbw, but that's shot down. Then there's indecision between the batsman over taking a single. Nerves jangling everywhere!.
FOUR runs, slower ball outside off, but way too slow. KW goes deep into his crease, winds up big, and then smashes this pull through the midwicket region.
OUT, full outside off, and he tries to slog it towards midwicket. He's through his shot too early and the shot's been dragged to deep square leg. Deceived completely by the (lack of) pace. Taken by Shorey.
1 run, hard push at a length ball, ends up hitting this in the air, but above cover.
2 runs, more googlies, the batsman flicks through midwicket.
2 runs, slower ball, and short on off stump. He's through his pull-shot early, and that's in the air. Straight to Gowtham at long on, but it's been dropped! He's one of the better fielders, but drops it after what looked like a clean catch.
FOUR runs, width and the batsman has flayed that behind point. Cracking stroke! Opened his wrists up nicely to pick the gap.
2 runs, length, cuts back into him, and he drops it with soft hands. They go for the quick single, and the bowler tries to kick the stumps down, but he misses. They will pick up an overthrow, as it completely wrong-footed Pant behind the stumps!.
FOUR runs, length but straying on the pads, swiped away by the batsman this time, over backward square leg for four.
no run, shorter and outside off, opens the face and jabs to point.
FOUR runs, deja vu! It's outside off, and the batsman once again shuffles towards that side before paddling it over short fine leg again. Does well to get his head out of the ball's way before playing it over his left shoulder. Kings XI need 32 off the final over.
no run, good length at middle stump, clipped to midwicket with the swing.
no run, fuller on off, he's back and forced to defend.
1 run, wide length ball, and the batsman shuffles across to work this into the leg side. the bowler does well by denying him access to a clean swing.
1 wide, gets away with a waist high full toss down leg from around the stumps, the batsman swings and misses.
2 runs, dropped. Midwicket running backwards can't hang on. It's Shaw, with a late lunge towards his right. Miscued pull at a steep short ball at his chest. Floats just behind the 30-yard circle and he can't hang on.
1 run, full outside off, leans in and drives to sweeper cover.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, sliced to third man.
no run, starts with a short ball outside off, the batsman gets over the ball in the nick of time to defend.
no run, carrom ball! Half-tracker on off, but gets big on the batsman. Forced to defend off the back foot, but played rather uncomfortably. Was slightly in the air, but dropped well short of the bowler.
1 run, full at leg stump, jammed out to mid-on.
1 run, shortish on middle, curves in and he backs away and whips it to mid-on.
no run, short of a length and just outside off. Under-edge on the attempted cut.
1 run, full on off, and whipped off his pads to deep backward square. They're happy to deal in singles for now.
1 run, fuller, clipped to deep square leg.
1 run, looks for the reverse ramp after shaping for the conventional ramp. Ends up going at it too early and gets it off the leading edge to square leg. Low full wide outside off and he was swishing all around that. And it's probably the only ball that brings some smiles to the Delhi dugout tonight.
1 run, shortish outside off, keeps a touch low, the batsman plays that trademark tennis-style swat to the right of midwicket.
1 run, googly, good length outside off, he defends from the crease into the off side.
FOUR runs, the the batsman power. A lot of batsmen struggle to get power into low full tosses. And I am not convinced this is a low full toss either. He has reached out in front of his body to convert a yorker into one. And the long-on and long-off are pretty straight, but he has still beaten them. The gold standard of death-overs batting.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut to deep point.
1 run, back of a length down leg, pulled away to deep square leg.
2 runs, he's back and tucking this behind square and runs very well for two.
1 run, length on middle stump, flicked to long-on's right.
1 leg bye, shimmies down the track, but the bowler spots it early, pulls his length back, and doesn't give any room. the batsman tries a flick and is hit on the pads. All he can get is a leg bye.
1 leg bye, good length on off, and angling sharply into his body. Tries to flick it towards short fine leg, but can't get bat on ball. Hits his thigh pad instead.
FOUR runs, inside edge and it's boundary number four at fine leg on the night. Another Short of a good length ball. Kept a touch low, this one. the batsman was looking for the pull and the inside edge sprinted past the stumps.
1 run, good length on off stump, reverse sweep straight to backward point.
1 run, low full toss, driven down to long-on for one.
no run, back of a length outside off, the batsman goes to slash it hard, connects only with air. Ball bounced over his bat.
1 run, slower and fuller on off, pushed to mid-off for a quick single.
no run, the batsman will have to wait another night for his first six this IPL. Short, wide slower ball, beats him for a dot, and they don't even try to run a bye. Why, oh why?.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and punching this to long on.
SIX runs, pulled wayyyy over long-on. Short and up at middle stump, hangs back in the crease and gets a clean swinging arc at this. Muscles it off the back foot.
no run, dropped, if it can be called that! Quicker one on middle, the batsman hammers it back flat and hard, but it found Amit the bowler rather than the other way around. Couldn't quite get his hands around it.
no run, half-volley on the toes, clipped to midwicket. Crisp shot, with the deep man square. Six feet either side, and this was runs.
2 runs, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
1 run, short of length around off, backs away and pushes it towards extra cover, sneaks in a quick single.
no run, finally he doesn't start an over with a six first-ball to Dhawan. Bowls a yorker as Dhawan backs away. Right at the cue of the bat.
1 run, full on leg, and clipped off his toes to the fielder at deep square leg.
1 run, stabbed wide of backward point.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
no run, good length, outside off, he wants to slash it but it goes under his bat. Kept a bit low.
SIX runs, sixah Jofra. Full and wide outside off, step forward and swing through the line to launch this over long-off.
1 wide, short and down leg side, looks for the glance and is beaten.
1 run, slower ball, full and angling into the batsman as he backs away, looking to make room. Lofted down to long-on, on the bounce.
1 run, full and just outside off, leans in and pushes uppishly towards long-off.
FOUR runs, short outside off, and the batsman crunches this off the back foot. Slapped past backward point as the ball races away for a boundary. Manish Pandey groans 'nooo' as the batsman leans into that shot.
no run, sliding into middle and leg, and brushes the pad as he tries to flick.
1 run, a short ball on the off side, it's a cutter (from the bowler) and the batsman chops it into the off side.
1 run, length around off, dabbed towards third man for one.
1 run, good length on middle stump, tapped to long-on on the up.
1 run, short, wide, slapped firmly but close to cover point and he'll only get a single because the fielder fumbled.
no run, tossed on off, no turn again, the batsman stretches out and drives it back.
FOUR runs, overpitched and outside off, seam-up, 142ks, Parthiv stays leg-side of the ball and holds nothing back. Belted through extra cover for his fifth boundary.
no run, closer to the stumps at length, dabbed to short third man. Pant refused the run. Could've so easily been another mix-up.
no run, slower bouncer, beats him on the pull. the batsman still looking for his bearings.
1 run, once again hit hard and flat, this time Umesh gets his body behind the line at mid-off.
SIX runs, on-pace length ball, outside off, and angling in, and he makes room and lofts him over long-off for six more.
1 run, good length and sliding into the corridor. Opens the face and runs it to point.
1 run, short and wide outside off. Looks to muscle it through the off side, gets a thick inside edge to long-on.
1 run, quick offbreak, the batsman goes back, gets an inside edge for a single to short fine leg.
FOUR runs, Slightly shorter than the usual short of a length, and that allows the batsman, a short man, the time to pull this over midwicket.
no run, wide on the crease, and another carrom ball, defeating his sweep, but hits him outside the line.
2 runs, full and dipping at middle stump. Mistimed drive to deep midwicket's right.
2 runs, length on middle stump, flicked to long-on's left.
no run, fuller, at off stump, angled to short third man but can't find the gap.
FOUR runs, Who hit the repeat button? Shorter and much closer to off, the batsman nearly chops it back onto the stumps. The result is a fortunate inside-edged four to fine leg.
1 run, whips this down to deep midwicket as they jog the single.
no run, inside edge onto pad as this googly heads for middle stump from outside off.
1 run, short of a length on off stump, punched to long-on off the front foot.
no run, back of a length, angling into middle stump, whipped towards midwicket.
FOUR runs, smashed down the ground, full outside off, thumps through the line and sends it straight back past the bowler.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, slapped off the back foot through the vacant covers region.
FOUR runs, flicked fine down the leg side! Back-of-a-length on leg stump, and the batsman walks across to the off side, before whipping this fine past short fine leg.
1 run, full and wide, driven hard, to the fielder in the deep. Curran bowling to his field.
1 run, slower ball again, and he plays it towards the middle stump, off his leg.
no run, length ball that slides on middle, flicked to midwicket.
no run, full slower ball on off stump, tapped into the covers.
1 run, starts with a yorker on the stumps, that the batsman gets behind and carefully turns to square leg.
1 run, a slower ball outside off, tapped towards point for a run.
1 run, good length and just outside off, mistimed drive through the covers off the front foot.
no run, quicker, shorter, no room, punched to point for one. Six feet either side, and this would be four too.
1 run, very full on middle, the batsman cracks it down to long-on.
no run, length ball on off stump, defended into the covers.
no run, length ball, wide outside leg but coming into his body. Defended towards the bowler.
no run, short ball going away wide outside off, beaten as he looks to open the face and get this square.
1 run, googly at a length outside off, looks to launch another one over extra cover but once again through it early. Down to long-on again.
1 run, length at off stump, punched to long-off off the back foot.
SIX runs, a casual swipe over midwicket. Good length and just outside off, but with the angle into him. Half a stride out and a still head as he goes across the line. Looks like it lands full on the boundary padding.
no run, lovely. Back of a length, googly, starts by angling across and turns further away from the left-hander. No feet as he looks to punch into the off side, beaten on the outside edge.
SIX runs, bludgeoned too full and the batsman extends his arms for a free swing, sends it back straight, high, and handsome, into the sightscreen.
OUT, bowled him! Moeen stayed deep in the crease, waiting and playing for orthodox turn, but the ball rushes on to him with the arm, skidding through a little low and slamming into the stumps. And that's that for Moeen and IPL 2019 - he's back to England now.
1 run, good length and just outside off, leans in and pushes to extra cover with soft hands.
no run, on a length and largely holds its line outside off, the batsman stays beside the line and bunts the ball to cover.
1 run, swivels and pulls a short one but deep backward square leg moves to his left and gets around it.
OUT, Kohli almost clangs it but holds on at the second attempt the batsman hasn't looked comfortable during his stay, this is a yorker length ball outside off, he wants to drive it through the offside, but ends up toe-ending it. Flies towards mid-off, and it looks like it might be going over Kohli, but he sticks out a hand over his head and grabs the ball. Not cleanly and it bounces out, but he does well with great presence of mind to hold on to it near his waist.
no run, fully googly on leg stump, cops it on the pad as he looks for the flick.
no run, shaping up for another big hit, but this length ball doesn't quite come on to the bat and he ends up adjusting the shot for a push to leg.
1 run, slow floated from the bowler. On a good length, swaying away from off. He gets on the front foot and drops it in front of point with soft hands.
1 run, a googly, wide outside off. Smashed back, right through the hands of the bowler as he dives to his right.
SIX runs, hoists a short ball over long-on and take his team across the line. KKR move up to third place now in front of 61,000 of their supporters.
no run, length on off, the batsman cuts straight to cover-point.
1 run, length on middle, nips back in a little, pushed towards midwicket for one.
no run, looks for a reverse-paddle this time, but ends up dinking it straight to slip. Good job he has swept this into the ground.
SIX runs, fuller ball, and he smashes this flat and straight over long on. What a shot WOOF!.
no run, good length on off stump, blocked on the front foot.
1 run, full outside off, pushed to long-off.
1 run, good length on middle stump, punched to long-on.
no run, length, outside off, and he cuts this to point. Too fast for them to get any runs.
1 run, dug it into the pitch but doesn't rise too high and it's down leg. the batsman able to flick it off his hips to square leg.
1 run, full on off stump, and there's a little bit of drama here but the winning run is eventually taken. Drives it powerfully towards mid-on, except it ends up hitting the non-striker's right foot as he jumps up to evade the ball. The ball ricochets towards the cover fielder, who sprints in, picks up, and underarms a throw at the non-striker's end and hits the stumps direct, but the batsman was safely home by then.
OUT, gets him this time. Slightly shorter and a similar slow pace from the bowler. the batsman beaten in flight again and this time it's off the inside half of the bat as he looks to slog. Pandey runs in and completes the catch easily.
1 leg bye, full on leg stump, and he can't flick it fine. Tries to work it to the leg side but hits his pad instead. Impact outside leg stump, however.
OUT, straight to midwicket. Short of a length and just outside off, steps out at that and pulls. But this got tight on him and the pull comes of the toe-end of the bat and floats harmlessly for Krunal at midiwicket.
2 runs, good length and into leg stump, flicked to deep square's right.
no run, back of a length just outside off again. the batsman shuffles onto the back foot and opens his bat's face. Played to backward point.
1 run, full on off, and drilled down the ground to long on.
SIX runs, what a way to go to 1000 IPL runs. On a length, middle and leg, and he plays the pick-up over midwicket. That's why Sten struggles in T20s. Not enough movement on the ball in this format.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven to long-off.
FOUR runs, he finds the gap this time and gets four. Flat and wide, hit away through cover for four. Rocks back, uses the width and frees his arms.
1 run, good length and just outside off. 143.6kph, a bit of wobble in the corridor. But he's nicely forward to stab this to cover's left.
FOUR runs, width on offer and the batsman lashes it to the point boundary. Lovely placement, picks the gap to the right of the man inside the circle and to the left of the sweeper.
1 run, short of a length, and he goes back to bludgeon it down the ground, straight of long-on. Tripathi puts in a big dive to keep them down to one.
SIX runs, scythed over extra cover. What a shot. 140kph from the bowler, but driving length outside off. the batsman's waiting deep in the crease and merely opens the face after chopping down at this with an angled bat.
no run, good length and turning away from off stump, defended off the back foot to extra cover.
FOUR runs, short and angling away from the batsman, he goes after it and pulls it away to the deep midwicket boundary from the middle of the bat.
SIX runs, second tier! 95 metres. Wow. All a bit predictable from RCB right now. Slower ball slammed in short of a good length. the batsman waits on this one and pummels this pull shot, far far over midwicket.
OUT, full on off, and angling into his pads. the batsman lifts it off his toes towards long on, but Kohli's manning the cow-corner boundary. Holds on to it despite being some ten feet inside the boundary line. the batsman's sluggish innings ends. Time out as well.
SIX runs, this is excellent hitting. the batsman is some T20 batsman. He has just come in. This is a very good legcutter, back of a length, no room. the batsman is cramped, but somehow he funds enough power with his matchstick arms to go over long-on. Into the wind, mind.
FOUR runs, thick inside edge but it's four! Oh there is no justice as a bowler sometimes. Slower ball at a length on off stump, he backs away and wants to club it over mid-off. Gets it past midwicket.
no run, beaten on the pull. Slower ball, short and skidding into his body. Skids under his bat and clears the stumps.
1 wide, he looks to stay away from his reach, and ends up bowling a wide.
no run, has it bounced? Ground-boot or boot and air? A flat delivery outside off, the batsman chops the ball into hos leg, the ball pops up. Kishan dives full length to his right and take the catch full. The soft signal is out, but that's the wrong decision because the ball has hit the ground.
no run, is this the wrong'un? Goes past the inside edge to hit the pad.
1 run, length at middle stump, slight wobble but not big movement. Keeps the front pad out of the way and taps to mid-on.
1 run, full ball just outside off, dragged down to long-on.
no run, square turn from length, stops on him as the batsman goes back and across to defend.
no run, good length and into the corridor, punched to extra cover off the back foot.
1 leg bye, full and into leg stump, steps out and can't get bat on it. Slides onto his pad.
FOUR runs, length, and he goes inside out, and gets it over extra cover. One-bounce four.
1 run, full and flat on leg, driven down to long-on.
1 run, short ball, and he pushes this towards midwicket.
1 run, yorker outside off, backs away and ekes out an inside edge into the leg side.
1 wide, slower ball down leg, tried to sweep it but misses. Will be wide though.
1 run, full-toss on middle, clipped through square leg.
no run, another yes and no. Dhoni sends the batsman back but he manages to get back in comfortably after tapping a slower one to midwicket.
no run, good length at middle stump, defended into the leg side off the back foot.
1 run, slower length ball outside off, the batsman stays back and hits it towards long-off.
2 runs, dropped at extra cover! Finch with the reverse cup. It's drilled at him. Very very hard. Just bursts through his hands. He was in position and all, hands behind it, but it is just too quick for him. An overpitched ball slaughtered by the batsman at head height, just to his right.
OUT, golden duck for the batsman. Oh hang on. He has reviewed with one second to go. That is strange. This is not an lbw decision, but a catch at the wicket. It shouldn't take you 14 seconds to make up your mind on these. the bowler has dug this in short, gets it chest high, and the Snicko shows there is a scratch as this goes past his fend. the batsman, and the review, both gone.
no run, good length at middle stump, pushed with the turn to point off the back foot. Run-out appeal as the batsman scrambles back after taking a few steps. He's grounded though.
1 run, length ball on the pads, tucked away towards fine leg for a single.
1 run, low full toss on middle, driven off the toe-end to long-on.
1 run, short of a length, around off, punched down to long-on.
no run, driven to cover, straight to Mandeep.
1 run, full and pushed across off stump, driven along the turf to long-off.
OUT, knocks middle stump and points to his captain at long-on. It's a loopy, slow full toss on off stump. He's in the off side looking for the paddle sweep. Paddles it onto middle stump. A laboured innings that never looked like taking off. the batsman's struggle ends.
no run, length ball on middle, and defended off the back foot to point. Protection there.
FOUR runs, and the catching troubles continue for this IPL. An over ruined. Short ball, down the leg side, hit straight to short fine leg but Nagarkoti lets it slip through his fingers. What should have been a wicket becomes the only boundary for the over.
no run, drilled in full and fast on leg stump. the batsman tries to slog-sweep but misses. Hits his front leg, but impact's outside the stumps. First dot ball in 21 deliveries!.
1 wide, the batsman comes down the track, but seeing this the bowler has slipped in a knuckle ball outside off, too wide though.
no run, back of a length, no real turn and therefore no real room. Flat-batted hard to extra-cover.
1 wide, fuller but way too outside off this time.
OUT, and given! LBW. But the batsman wants to review. That was the drifter. Sliding in through the air, pitches in front of middle and hits him in front of middle. That's relatively plumb. He missed a big sweep that he attempted, the ball was too full to play that stroke. No bat on that. Two reds and juuuust clipping the side of leg stump. A smile on umpire Shamsuddin's face. That was close.
no run, short of a length, outside off, nicely timed, but straight to extra cover.
no run, back of a length and angled in on middle, nudged to midwicket.
1 run, back of a length on off, gets on top of it and punches down to long-on.
1 run, slower length ball outside off, goes for the pull but ends up hitting it towards long-off, 114 kph that one.
1 run, mistimes a swing off a thick inside edge to long on, Samson hared in even as he hit it.
SIX runs, No. 2. Full, in the slot, just a touch wide, and the batsman clears the front leg again and hits over long-off. Doesn't get all of it, but enough of it.
1 run, drifts in a full delivery on middle and leg, worked to deep midwicket.
1 run, full ball, on middle stump and he flicks this away towards deep midwicket. Gets a single as substitute Prashant Chopra is quick to get to it.
OUT, back of a length on off, and he fails to connect with the short ball! The batsman's trying for a suicidal run, and DK throws down the stumps. The fourth wicket of the over! Sunrisers finish on 172 for 9.
SIX runs, bowls length, gets punished. Dhawan flat-bats the pull over deep midwicket to bring up his half-century.
1 run, slower ball on the pads, clipped away to deep squareleg's left but only for one.
1 run, the googly outside off, just outside off, chopped away to point.
1 run, another block into the off side for a single.
nan
1 run, yorker, dug out to long-on for another single.
OUT, backs away and toe-ends the slash meant to go over the cover and watches his opposite number settle under a simple catch on the edge of the 30-yard circle. Rashid spreads his arms and soaks in the moment. Either that, or he's saying, yeah, this is me. Deal with it.
no run, short of length outside off once again, looks to punch off the back foot but fails to middle.
1 run, short of a length, wide, cut away for one.
no run, good length outside off, defended on the front foot.
no run, back of a length outside off, and he mistimes the pull to midwicket. Good stop by the infielder.
no run, good length outside off, blocked on the front foot.
no run, past the outside edge. Good length and moving away in the corridor, swishes inside the line as he looks for the back foot punch.
no run, looks to muscle this short ball, toe-ends it and it rolls wide of the pitch.
1 run, length on middle, swatted down the ground but there's a long-on in place, who keeps it to one.
no run, full on off stump, and angling across the batsman. Driven expansively, but stopped by Samson at cover. Good energy on display from the Royals fielders.
2 runs, half-tracker and he gets an inside edge after getting on the back foot for a pull. Was really looking to launch this. Ended up getting two runs down at fine leg.
1 run, tossed up outside off, he drives firmly to long off.
SIX runs, steps out and crunches that into the sightscreen. Might be the last time we see the bowler toss it up tonight, because that has been given a serious beating. On an off stump line and the batsman is quickly down to the pitch of it. Drills it flat and over the bowler's head.
FOUR runs, the batsman quick to pounce as the bowler overcompensates and drags this short and wide. He cuts it square for four.
1 run, oh he tries the big slog. That is very unthe batsman-like. The offbreak dips alarmingly, and then takes the thick inside edge into his front pad.
FOUR runs, legcutter slower ball, short of a length, wide, and he unfurls his wrists on the cut. Gets a thick edge, but it goes fine of third man for four.
no run, yorker wide outside off, looks for the lap sweep and is beaten. Lovely bowling this, bowling so wide that he can't exploit the square region on the leg side. And with point back on the line, boundary options are difficult.
no run, short, and a bit of width, and the batsman looks to force this through the off side. Hits it hard on to the ground, though.
no run, turn there. This dips on him, turns from around leg, takes the soft front edge towards cover.
no run, on a length, pushed back at him, and he has Kishan in his way as he dives to his right, but he does enough to deflect it to midwicket.
1 run, good length, very straight and flicked to deep midwicket.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked to deep backward square.
1 run, short around the hip, helped along the ground to deep squareleg.
no run, a similar line and length but a bit of extra bounce there, the batsman looks to pull it for a six once again, misses and gets hit on the body.
no run, full on leg, and Moeen tries to work it towards the leg side. Mistimed on this occasion.
to Iyer, 1 run, played down the ground for a single.
2 runs, banged in short and angling in on off from around the wicket, the batsman shuffles across and hauls a pull to the left of mid-on.
no run, good length and honing in at middle stump. Forced to defend this on the front foot.
FOUR runs, the batsman makes room, the bowler fires it in on the leg stump, it's nearly a yorker, but somehow the batsman manages to squeeze it away between point and cover-point for four.
no run, short of a length just outside off, opens the face and runs it straight to short third man.
1 run, pushes at this outside off and Axar gets it to turn enough to take the outside edge. Dhawan runs in pursuit and pulls it in for just a single.
1 run, full and drifting in, pushed to long-on.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. the batsman is single-handedly keeping KXIP ahead of the game. Makes room again, finally gets a length ball just outside off, and drives it over extra cover for four.
FOUR runs, picked off the pads square of short fine leg for four.
no run, good length and climbing up at his thigh. Tucked into the midwicket region.
OUT, he's played the short-arm jab straight to Kuldeep at deep midwicket. the batsman was cramped for room, hustled for pace as this angled back in to hit him high on the bat. Impressive effort delivery, the young man is elated. The dangerous the batsman is gone.
1 run, short ball on off stump, he pulls it to midwicket, keeps it down.
1 run, short of a length, into the body, swivel-pull to long leg for one.
OUT, Siraj runs to his right and lunges to hold on at short third man. the batsman is done by the bowler's slowness. It's tossed right up at a length outside off, and he looks to go over square on the off side with a reverse sweep. Ends up slicing it because he's through the shot too early. An indifferent season continues to go badly for the batsman. Royal Challengers, like most teams, will be happy to see him gone in the 16th over.
1 run, full on off stump, driven out to sweeper cover.
1 run, back of a length on middle, the batsman slogs it in the air, lands in front of deep midwicket running in.
1 run, flayed away but a good stop behind point to keep it to a single. This one was spinning away from the fielder there.
1 run, short ball just outside off, clears the front leg and looks to pull. Thick inside edge to deep square.
2 runs, full and wide outside off, chucks the hands at this with a cover drive, thick outside edge to third man's right.
nan
no run, bat-pad situation and an lbw shout. Good length ball slides back in off the pitch at middle and the batsman is a little tangled trying to play a late cut. the bowler seems convinced that's pad-first. Smith and Buttler, slip and keeper, don't. Ultra Edge shows glove first.
FOUR runs, slapped right past the bowler. the bowler, predictably, shortens his length, and the batsman steps down the track and hammers it past the bowler's left.
no run, full on middle stump, and he can't flick towards the leg side. Appeal for lbw turned down. Would've gone down leg.
no run, slower ball, good length on off stump. Pushed pitch side with the angle.
OUT, one more wicket for Arsh. Short, wide, Kishan tries to cut this square, but the extra bounce from his height means it gets a little big on him, and he fails to control it. The top edge settles with deep third man.
2 runs, fullish length, flicked off the pads through midwicket.
no run, short on middle, the batsman looses his grip and fends it off.
1 leg bye, floated on leg stump, the batsman does not make contact with a flick, off the pad and wanders away square on the leg side.
SIX runs, fuller around off, gives himself a bit of room and lofts it over extra cover, all the way for a six, elegant shot, 83 metres.
FOUR runs, length outside off, Curran picks the bowler up inside out over extra cover and gets off the mark with a boundary. Confident stroke.
to Buttler, 2 runs, short of a length, gets inside the line to pull this to the right of deep square leg for two. It is difficult to field in the dew because it is hard to predict how fast the ball is coming at you.
1 run, full ball outside off, driven to deep cover.
no run, length on middle stump, steps out and drills it straight to mid-on.
2 runs, slower ball at a length on middle stump, flicked to long-on's right.
no run, length, played towards point. Shankar runs almost halfway down the wicket, but is sent back. There's no throw anyway.
1 run, leading edge as he closes the face too soon. Not sure that was the googly, might have just gone through with the flick too early. Single through cover.
to Watson, 1 run, pulled away to deep square for one.
1 run, length ball outside off, punched on the up to mid-off.
1 run, slower ball on leg stump, and angling across the batsman. Tapped with soft hands to point for a walking single. Gets Gill back on strike.
no run, short of a length outside off, mistimed cut to cover.
1 run, full, outside off, driven to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, if you keep bowling short, he'll pull it away and he sends it between deep backward square and deep midwicket. Short ball, he stays back and pulls in style for his fifty.
1 run, length ball outside off, steered away.
no run, full and just outside off, driven to extra cover.
no run, good length and tight at the body. Defended into the off side.
1 leg bye, slower ball, short on middle. The ball's going down the leg side but the batsman manages to flick this fine past the keeper. Comes off his thigh guard, in fact.
1 run, good length and shape away from middle stump. Defended into the off side with soft hands.
no run, good length and a nice curve away in the corridor. Defended off the back foot.
no run, tossed up outside off, leans in and clips to midwicket with the turn.
1 run, short and on off, the batsman drops the ball to backward point and sets off for a risky single. Baz jams his bat into the ground and loses his bat. A direct hit from Duminy could have had McCullum.
1 run, slower ball again, full, around off, worked to deep midwicket for one.
no run, wrong'un, starts just outside off, then goes wider. the batsman only toe-ends it to cover.
1 run, down the wicket, beaten in the flight as the bowler bowls wide, but he gets an inside edge for a single.
1 wide, slower ball, big wide down the leg side, Karthik dives to his left to reach this on the half-volley.
1 run, full, slid in on middle and leg, clipped away through midwicket.
no run, yorker wide outside off, beaten on the chop.
1 run, short and wide, just too slow, so he doesn't get the timing. Takes a the single on the cut.
1 run, yorker on middle, dug out to the left of long-on.
SIX runs, this time clears cover, sails all the way. Got much closer to the pitch of the delivery this time as he stepped out and went inside out.
OUT, one shot too many, and the bowler has nine Powerplay wickets now. Of all the balls he has chosen a wide full toss to get out to. To the bowler's credit, this is a slower ball, which means the batsman is early into his drive, and he gets the inside edge onto the wicket.
1 leg bye, angling in from wide on the crease, hits the pad, and accordingly for that angle, his fine leg is fine to prevent the boundary off the tickle.
no run, on middle and leg, defended to cover. Finally, a breath.
1 run, shorter, outside off, gets onto his toes and drives off the back foot to deep point.
no run, beauty to start with. Moeen will appreciate that. On a length outside off, drawing him forward and spinning past.
no run, sharp inswinger, hurries onto the batsman, strikes him on the thigh.
no run, spins back in to strike the pad, but this was sliding down leg. the batsman was looking to work this to the leg side.
no run, big slower ball, 114ks, the batsman is well early into the slog. Beaten.
2 runs, short and outside off. Waits on it and cuts to point's right. Point reaches out and gets a right hand on it.
1 run, on a length, middle and off, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, short of a length, outside off, hit back to the bowler.
1 run, slower ball outside off, holds in the surface, first one to do so this innings, the batsman adjusts and steers it down to third-man.
SIX runs, the bowler tries to bowl like Kadhav but it doesn't matter. It is right in Patel's slot, and he lofts it well over long-on for a clean six. What a cameo from Axar. Stepping out of the bowler's shadows. At least in the IPL.
no run, flung down well wide of off stump, wide of the popping crease, but it's not a wide as the batsman had wandered in that direction too, missing an airy drive.
1 run, googly, shortish and turning in towards off stump, waits on it and dabs to short third man for one.
1 run, full toss, hit straight to long-off for a single.
1 run, hammers it back down the pitch, but the bowler saves his own blushes by diving full length to his right and stopping a few crucial runs.
1 run, another googly, this time it drifts away, the batsman steps out and then offers his bat with the pad tucked behind.
no run, a full delivery outside off, nicely driven with the full face to mid-off. Decent timing too.
1 run, comes down the track this time and the bowler pulls the length back a bit, a single towards cover.
1 run, yorker with late swing in at leg stump. Flicked through midwicket.
no run, short ball outside off, the batsman goes for the ramp over the keeper as a bit of an afterthought but misses.
1 run, fuller outside off, pushed into the offside.
no run, round the wicket, full at the stumps, defended to cover.
no run, good length, outside off, no shot. #Weird.
no run, short of a length just outside off, tapped back to the bowler off the back foot.
1 run, top edge but slip cant quite run that far (meaning short fine leg). the batsman goes for the sweep, completely mistimes it, but still survives.
1 run, full on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket to bring up his fifty.
1 run, another short one at the body, slower ball, tucked away towards midwicket to get off the mark in slightly anticlimactic fashion.
no run, length ball angling away, the batsman punches this to mid-off.
1 run, yorker on leg stump, and all the batsman can do is flick it off his toes to deep midwicket. CSK need 17 off the final over.
2 runs, full outside off, and that's been lifted over cover! In the air for a while, and drops between the three people in the deep. The ball changes direction after pitching, so Vohra's on all fours trying to stop the ball. Comedy of errors. Kohli won't find it funny though.
no run, given some air, pitches outside off and spinning into the batsman, who wants to defend with bat beside pad, but is hit on pad. Struck outside the line.
no run, beaten by pace. Again. the bowler has been unreadable off the pitch. This isn't a great ball though, short and wide. Too late on the cut.
SIX runs, short outside off and slashed hard and flat over point for six.
1 run, full and dipping slower ball outside off again. Lunges out at that and flicks to deep square.
no run, length around off, stays in the crease and defends.
FOUR runs, another googly, shortish, and the batsman moves across his stumps in advance and sinks down on one knee to help it with the turn, over his shoulder and over the keeper's left shoulder.
FOUR runs, gets hold of the short ball and pulls it to the midwicket boundary. Moved on the back foot and got enough on it to beat the man at short midwicket.
SIX runs, slogs it cleanly over deep midwicket! Full from the bowler, and faster. He clears the front leg and goes with the turn. Wonderful sound off the bat.
1 run, short at the hips, shuffles and whips to deep midwicket.
2 runs, back of a length on middle, worked to deep square leg where guess who misfields. Shaw again. When your confidence is low, things never go your way, but he has only himself to blame. Extremely sloppy cricket.
2 runs, evades Sarfraz's dive after running back from extra cover. Slower short ball wide outside off, ends up slicing this after stepping out and making room.
no run, almost cleaned up first ball! Full on off, and turning away from him. Tried to play it towards the on-side, but the ball zips past the outside edge.
1 run, slider from wide of the crease, coming in at off stump on a good length. He plants the front leg forward and drops it in front of short third man with soft hands.
2 leg byes, this one kept low, short of length outside leg and going with the angle to hit the batsman near ankle, an appeal for lbw but not out, gets leg-byes.
no run, yorker outside off, the batsman can't access this.
1 run, tossed up at leg stump, driven to long-on's left.
1 run, short of a length and slow outside off. Steps out and drops it in front of point with soft hands.
no run, ah, lovely! Got everything there apart from the edge. Invites him forward with a fullish one and gets it to curve away significantly to beat the batsman pushing forward.
FOUR runs, swept to the square leg boundary. Gets low early and turns this full ball into a full toss on middle stump before the sweep.
no run, length ball on leg, and the batsman looks to muscle this off his hips straight away. Looks for the backward-point boundary, but the ball hits his chest-region.
FOUR runs, ooh yeah, that's glorious. Regal some may say. An overpitched half volley outside off and Williamson leans into a delectable drive through cover, gets four.
SIX runs, one-handed! He's deep in his crease. He's reaching down low for the ball. He's lost his shape. But somehow he times it well enough that it sails over the straight boundary.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut into the point region.
FOUR runs, well played by the batsman, flighted ball outsdie off, he stayed in his crease, took a stride out and opened the face to run it down to the third man boundary.
1 run, yorker, middle and leg, dug out for one.
1 run, wrong'un. He picks it off the pitch and punches is down to long-on for one.
no run, full, hint of swing back in from outside off, Dhawan shapes to go through extra cover, mistimes it to mid-off.
FOUR runs, picks the slower ball really early and waits before opening the face and running it through backward point. Knew his field to perfection.
no run, good length and outside off, pushed to cover.
FOUR runs, on a length and outside off, Suryakumar shuffles across off and scoops it fine on the leg side over Dhoni's head for four to level the scores.
1 run, drifts one in from wide of the crease, worked towards deep midwicket.
2 runs, legcutter, short of a length, punched wide of long-off for an easy couple.
no run, good length and swung in at off stump, tapped to midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, nearly a yorker, calmly pushed to long-off to end this early.
OUT, got him! Khaleel has got the breakthrough. Good length in the corridor, and the batsman wanted to glide it to third man, it bounced a bit more than he expected, took a thin edge through to Saha. Weird little celebration by Khaleel, gesturing making a phone call. Perhaps he's saying you've been called back?.
1 run, short, no room, the batsman backs away, doesn't get power behind it. Just the single to long-off.
1 run, just over the bowler's outstretched hands! Drifted into middle stump, and Rohit drives too early. The ball holds off the pitch, and Rohit pushes it straight back. In the air, but just over the bowler's left hand. Close!.
2 runs, good length just outside off, and the batsman cuts it hard past the man at point. Work for the man in the deep, but he manages to pull it back.
OUT, slow again, and this time the slog is played way too early. Slices the shot, and it's another skyer. Swirls in the air, but Buttler's very safe.
2 runs, uses the depth of the crease to punch this to sweeper cover.
OUT, taken at mid-off! the batsman pays for being a little too enthusiastic. He hares down the pitch too early, allowing the bowler the chance to change his length, hit the deck hard, cramp the batsman, and even startle him for pace because hey, he chose to needlessly run down the pitch, reducing the time he gets to face the ball. It comes off the top of the bat and balloons to Iyer.
FOUR runs, gives himself some room and crashes a punchy drive through cover. Not a bad delivery, good length on middle and leg, smashed on the up.
no run, length at middle and turning away. Watchfully defended into the off side.
SIX runs, poor. Slower ball gone wrong, slides this down leg, the batsman nonchalantly gets down on one knee and sweeps him over the fine leg boundary.
2 runs, just over short third. Slower ball at a length following him as he walks into the off side. He was looking to ramp that towards fine leg.
FOUR runs, a third consecutive fifty for the batsman. Brought up with another flowing lofted drive over extra cover. Nicely to the pitch of this on the front foot.
FOUR runs, lofted over backward point. Smart stuff from Curran. Not so from the bowler. Overpitched and wide outside off, sycthes under that and opens the face late.
no run, slower ball, middle and off, pushed to mid-on.
FOUR runs, lap sweep, using Patel's high pace, getting inside the line and guiding this fine of short fine. The run rate goes past six.
1 wide, wide down the leg side. Bhuvi predicts Axar might back away so tries to bowl that line to cramp him up. Axar stays his ground.
1 wide, slower bouncer, wide on height.
1 run, offcutter on leg stump, and the batsman can't flick this away. Hits his pad, and trickles away to the off side. They sneak through for a run.
FOUR runs, full again, but wider outside off. Curran simply prods forward and lifts an exquisite cover drive over the infield.
1 run, slower through the air, no turn, Pandya defends, the ball bounces in the vicinity of the toe, and then through to Rahul. the bowler appeals for the catch, claiming it has hit the toe on the full. This is not even close to the toe. Bat to pad to ground to Rahul. Carry on.
no run, good length and just outside off, chopped to backward point.
1 run, full and wide, toe-ends a drive to mid-off.
1 run, in the blockhole close to leg stump, gets his front leg out of the way and clips to long-on.
1 wide, he wants to keep from giving the batsman room, but in that effort, he bowls short and down leg and is wided.
2 runs, shorter and wide outside off, a flat-batted swat through cover for two. Kings XI's 50 is up.
1 run, short of a length, into the body, pushed wide of midwicket.
no run, big appeal for lbw as the batsman plays the big sweep from in front of the stumps. Not given, but Kohli has reviewed it. That looks like a pretty good shout because the bowler doesn't turn the ball. Pitches middle, goes with the angle but no turn, and it just clips leg. Saved by the umpire's call.
1 run, chipped towards long-off. Looked like he wanted to go leg side there. Full ball outside off, not coming on.
no run, beaten! Once again tried to play that scoop over short third man. Beaten by the change in pace. Bowled that cross-seam.
1 run, direct hit at Dhawan's end this time. Short of a length, no room, dabbed towards point, and they rush through for one. Jadeja gets the throw right, but Dhawan is well in.
1 run, lbw appeal as he looks to sweep again. They won't review. Probably pitched outside leg.
no run, beaten. A full slower ball wide outside off, steps the back leg deep into the crease and swings across the line, but that's gone from under him.
FOUR runs, lofted over mid-off. Full inswinger in the corridor, not much of a stride, which is a decent way to create room against incoming balls. Not neatly out of the middle but he just needed to get that over Chawla.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, slog sweeps it towards deep midwicket.
no run, wrong'un, outside off, punched to cover.
SIX runs, Shanked! Back of a length on middle stump, and he backs away to flat-bat it over deep midwicket. Wonderful use of the crease's depth to earn that extra second.
FOUR runs, this is exciting cricket. No one holding back punches. the bowler goes for a bouncer, the batsman goes for the hook. In front of square he goes. Four more.
FOUR runs, mid-off is up and the batsman drills the wide half-volley down the ground like a pro.
FOUR runs, aerial again but dipping away from the diving extra cover. It's lovely timing on this. Short of a length and climbing in the corridor again. Gets on this toes and punches from under his eyes. It's quickly into the boundary.
1 run, Baz saunters down the track and drags a thick inside edge.
no run, flatter around off, goes back to cut but straight to covers.
no run, good length on off stump, and the batsman tries to chop it down fine to third man. Hurries onto him and he's too slow to get his bat to ball. Through to keeper.
no run,  nearly drags it onto the stumps!  Looks to thump this on the up through extra cover but didn't have room. The thick inside edge rolled onto the pad and nearly to the leg stump. Just wide. Slice of luck for Mumbai early in the piece.
no run, short of a length, no room, slight cut back in, hits him high on the pad.
1 run, nice turn back in, slightly quicker too, it runs off the inside half of Sharma's bat for one.
1 run, too far for Parthiv! Back of a length on middle, and the batsman's leg-side swipe takes a top-edge. Parthiv runs to his left to take a catch, but the ball falls just beyond him.
no run, shuffles across to punch this wide offbreak, but straight to short extra cover.
1 run, quicker ball. Good length on middle, but KW comes down the wicket to work it towards midwicket. No one there, while means the bowler has to go chasing behind it.
SIX runs, length on middle again and the batsman makes even better connection with this one, clubs it over long-on for six.
no run, another slower ball variety, the batsman mistimes his drive back to the bowler.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched to deep extra cover off the back foot.
no run, pitched up and angling across off, the batsman shimmies out and drives to mid-on.
1 run, use of feet once again, the bowler follows the batsman with a short of length delivery, dabbed it towards covers.
OUT, the batsman does the right thing but the pitch is slow. He wants to take on spin early, when the ball is still coming on. He steps out to try to hit him over long-on, but he sends it only as far as Faf du Plessis at long-on. While tumbling over he relays the catch to Gaikwad to his left, and the batsman is gone.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length, steered to third man for one.
no run, defends a length ball to get a thick inside edge onto the pad.
no run, fullish length outside off, slashes at it and drills it to cover.
FOUR runs, Nadeem's nightmare continues. the bowler bowls wide and length, draws a slice from the batsman, Nadeem gets under it at third man, but as he goes down he loses the ball and doesn't even get a touch on it. And as he tumbles extravagantly, the ball rolls away for a four.
FOUR runs, too full this time outside off. the batsman stays low and bottom-hands that drive away through wide mid-off. How he gets so much power on that is down to that bottom hand. In the slog overs, he would just loft that shot for six. He doesn't need to against the bowler.
no run, big offbreak, starts from well outside off and ends up cramping him up. Draws a dot.
1 run, good length and curving into the corridor. Stays leg side of that and opens the face to run this into vacant point.
1 run, fuller outside off, the batsman jams his bat at it for a single to long-on. Good comeback by the bowler after being hit for a six off the first ball.
2 runs, the batsman steps out even before the bowler delivers, the bowler drags his length back further, spliced over the bowler's head.
1 run, slower ball, pushed towards deep midwicket. Played just a touch too hard to come back for two.
1 run, slower ball, and pitching on middle. Tapped off the back foot past the non-striker to long on for a walking single.
SIX runs, slower ball, on leg, in the slot, and the batsman clears the front leg to slog him for another six. the batsman hurting RR.
SIX runs, he isn't taking kindly to the demotion! In the mood today, the batsman. No nudging around - puts a big front foot stride out and meets it as it lands on the pitch to send the slog sweep into orbit.
1 run, slower ball in the corridor, defended to point's right.
SIX runs, top-edged for six! Back of a length on middle, the bouncer. Not the worst delivery, it took Kishan by surprise. But it's always a risk for this exact reason. A leading edge flies over fine leg.
1 run, short and wide outside off, backs away and cuts to sweeper.
1 run, the first full ball from the bowler, swings back into Dhawan, and he gets an inside edge onto the pad but takes the single.
FOUR runs, Make that four boundaries in a row. Knuckle ball, but the length is shortish. the batsman reads the change-up. Clears his front leg and hoists it over the bowler's head.
1 run, slower on a length outside off, taps it on the up to extra cover who is right back on the circle.
1 run, quick length ball, into the pads, worked away for one.
1 run, full outside off, very nicely forward and drives to deep cover.
no run, slower ball at a length outside off, punched on the up to extra cover.
1 run, short of a length, slower, flays a pull one-bounce to deep square leg.
no run, full and angling in at off, forward and driven to mid-off.
2 runs, length ball on off, and worked off his pads to deep midwicket. the batsman wants the second, and Stoinis' misfield at the deep doesn't help RCB's cause either.
1 wide, good length and down leg side, misses out on the flick.
1 run, runs this down to third man for one.
1 run, length into the body, tucked away to fine-leg for one.
1 run, nice and full on the stumps, squeezed to long on.
1 run, low full toss at the boots, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 run, full slower ball outside off, shuffles and flicks to deep midwicket.
no run, length on the pads, tucked away to midwicket.
1 run, good length on off stump, punched to mid-on off the back foot.
1 run, good length and wide outside off, looks to cart it through the off side after making room. Thick inside edge into the leg side.
1 run, yorker length on middle, jammed out to long-on.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, flat-batted away to wide mid-off, where Siraj lets it burst through his hands. the batsman stepped out and swatted it away.
1 run, looks to attack him but the bowler gets this bouncer high enough to not let him pull to midwicket. Surya ends up mis-hitting this to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, squeezed past backward point. Length and just outside off. Hangs deep in the crease and opens the face late as he sets up for a back foot punch. Opens it enough to get four, as third man is in the circle.
1 run, good length on off stump, and pushed off the back foot towards point. Dangerous single, but Hardik does well to scamper across to the other end.
1 run, length on off, punched to long-off.
1 run, full toss and a dipping slower ball outside off. Driven to sweeper cover.
1 run, slower ball at a length on leg stump, clipped to deep midwicket.
no run, good length outside off, and spinning sharply into him. Tries to work it towards the leg side but played down the wrong line. Goes straight through to the keeper.
no run, carrom ball. Flat, on a length, outside off. He looks to cut, and is beaten on the inside edge.
no run, length ball in the corridor, Rohit goes for the drive and gets beaten, bounce well in front of the keeper.
1 run, back of a length on leg stump, and Dhawan dabs it down to third man. Gets off the mark.
1 run, top edge lands well in front of deep midwicket. Short ball and he looks to pull. Hurried on it.
no run, quick, on a length, no room. Pushed back to him.
2 runs, length and at the body, shoveled into the vacant midwicket region off the back foot.
1 run, yorker just outside off, front leg in the leg side and in the air. Balance entirely on his back foot. Can only stab it down to long-off.
no run, yorker, wide outside of. the batsman tries to stick his bat out and glance it square, but he can't connect. Huuuuge roar at the Eden, says Varun!.
1 run, opens the bat face late to steer this down to third man.
no run, comes down the track to a length ball and pats it down the track.
no run, slightly short of a length, swings in a touch, pushed to cover.
1 run, quick ball! Full on off stump, and that's been dug away down the ground. Hardik's at long on.
FOUR runs, short and on the leg side, the batsman tickles that absolutely fine on the leg side, past a diving Ishan Kishan for four.
2 runs, short of a length ball just outside off. Gets on the back foot and slices it over midwicket with a pull.
no run, shorter length outside off, he gets up on his toes and defends with an angled bat on the bounce to slip.
no run, short of a length slider outside off, chopped straight to point.
no run, short of a length, angling in, punched to point.
1 wide, slips this down leg, will have to rebowl that.
1 run, good length and wide outside off, drags it with a sweep in the non-striker's direction. Axar stretches and gets a hand to it.
no run, beaten! Full outside off, played for the googly with a closed face again and beaten comprehensively on the outside edge.
SIX runs, that's into the top tier. the batsman seemed to have pre-decided that this ball wasn't going to stay in the field. Length ball on the stumps he takes a step down and hits down the ground with a full, clean swing. Great connection and the ball's disappeared.
SIX runs, not the best line. It's another googly but well down leg, the batsman top-edges this slog sweep and gets it behind square. Enough timing and power for six, lands on the boundary cushion.
1 run, walks across and whips this on the bounce to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, overpitched on leg stump, waits on that and times it beautifully to mid-on's right. Lovely hands.
no run, length on middle, tries to help it along past short fine-leg with the angle but can't beat the man.
1 run, wide length ball, driven on the up, gets a single to deep cover.
no run, back of a length on off, punched back to the bowler.
1 run, good length on off and the batsman goes onto the back foot. Punches it straight, and off the bat's top half. Falls just in front of Nabi and then sneaks under his body to long on.
no run, flat, quick, middle and leg, pushed to midwicket.
SIX runs, what a finish from the batsman Pandya. Six. Four. Four. Six. the bowler bowls length again, and he goes deep in the crease and sends it flying over long-on for another six.
FOUR runs, pulled, and pulled well. A tumble at deep midwicket but Sid Kaul can't stop that. Boundary. Should've been no more than two.
no run, looks for the reverse ramp and is beaten by the offcutter just outside off. Such good bowling, it is forcing them to play new shots.
SIX runs, the batsman announces himself. Has he picked the wrong'un? At any rate, he has gone over long-off. And this is just a touch too full, and he goes over long-off. Powerful hit.
1 run, short of a length, pulled into the leg side.
FOUR runs, length outside off, and some luck for the batsman as he skips down the wicket, makes a little room, tries to go inside out and gets an outside edge that flies over short third-man.
1 run, full slower ball outside off, leans in and flicks to deep square.
1 wide, length outside off, extra bounce but too wide.
no run, makes room to crunch this short-of-a-length ball away, but straight to cover point.
2 runs, full and wide outside off, drilled wide of the sweeper.
SIX runs, length on the stumps and out comes the slog sweep, struck sweetly and goes flat over the deep squareleg fence.
2 wide, full and down leg side, beaten on the flick.
1 run, again he mis-times. Skips down this time, but doesn't get all of it. Just the single to midwicket.
no run, some swing first ball as Philppe shuffles across. Defended back to him.
no run, beaten. A jab with an open face. Length ball outside off with some climb. He can't get bat as he tries to find the third man boundary.
1 run, full, in the slot, and he hits this hard but straight to long-on. He is not happy, and lets out a grunt.
1 run, slower ball, outside off, keeps very low, and he dabs this down towards short third man.
1 wide, short and spinning a long long way past the wide marker outside off. Looks to pull, can't come close.
1 run, dropped? That almost carried to Chahar at midwicket. A tough one low to his right, but he didn't even get a hand on that. Got forward and flicked hurriedly. Straight through him.
1 leg bye, short of a length, quick, beats his attempt to play to leg. Goes for a leg-bye.
no run, beaten and it just zips past off stump! Well bowled. That beat him for pace, 139kph, and it shot under the bat and just past off stump.
no run, short of a length, following him as he backs away, on-pace, and beats him on the bottom edge.
1 run, full toss following the batsman's movement outside leg. He can only slice it to point.
no run, length on middle, the batsman stands tall and defends it back to the bowler.
no run, length ball on the stumps, comes in after landing to cut the batsman in half as he pushes at it.
1 run, yorker, right on the crease, dug out to cover for one.
no run, good length outside off, and the batsman's cut can only find the man at point.
1 run, full and just outside off, mistimed drive to long-on off the toe end.
1 run, slower bouncer outside off, glided to third man.
1 run, short of a length outside off, opens the face and gets it to point's right.
3 runs, can't get to that at long-off after a big dive to the left. Faf du Plessis sprints to his left and puts a big dive in but it's short of him. Pulls in short of the boundary and sweeper cleans up behind him. the batsman was looking to drive over extra cover but that ball stuck in the pitch and he got more elevation than strength on this.
no run, 105ks back-of-the-hand slower ball from Mohit, foxes the batsman, as he swishes early and misses.
SIX runs, nailed it! First of the night for the batsman. Uses his reach to get closer to the pitch this time and absolutely carts this length ball over midwicket.
1 run, full, just outside off, driven to long-off for one.
1 run, short again, about rib high, he gets on his toes to steer this to third man for one.
no run, good length cutter, rising past the outside edge as he looks to defend off the back foot.
1 run, driven to sweeper cover, nicely tossed up.
1 run, nearly takes out Maxwell at the non-striker's as he drills this low full toss outside off to long-off for one.
no run, big inswinger, but it ends up on off and middle as always. the batsman can't do much with it.
FOUR runs, looks to back away and hit. the bowler cramps him up with a short ball, but he swings hard at it, and the outside edge goes straight of short third man.
2 runs, dropped at point! Anukul Roy can't sort his position out quickly enough and lets a simple one go. the batsman looking for the chip again, this time to a full ball outside off. Ends up slicing it high. Roy has to take a couple of steps back. Might have slightly over-run because he has some adjusting to do as he stops his momentum and puts his hands out in front of his body and to the right. Straight through.
1 run, works this off his hip to deep square leg.
no run, some room outside off, he goes after it and drives it along the ground to cover.
no run, good bowling! the bowler doesn't get sucked in by his own ego and goes for the slower ball - he does dig it into the wicket though - and the batsman is comfortably beaten on the pull shot.
no run, advances looking for a slog and ends up swinging early due to the lack of pace.
1 run, googly, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
1 run, fuller on the leg stump, the batsman stays outside the line and hits it towards long-on, along the ground.
1 run, defended back down to long on for a single.
1 run, slower ball on middle, pulled along the ground to fine-leg, there was no pace on the ball or the shot.
FOUR runs, shot the batsmany. He is playing a different innings to the kinds we are accustomed to seeing. He shuffles across and lofts this full ball back over the bowler's head. He is almost slogging them.
1 run, full on middle, driven down to long-on for one.
no run, short of a length outside off, left alone.
no run, full outside off, pushed to cover.
no run, the bowler saves one this time. Short of a length, just outside off, punched down the ground but not past the bowler who dives to his left.
1 run, down the track and patted back to the bowler. Quick thinking from the bowler there, who gathered the ball and flicked it towards the stumps with DK having taken a start, but it misses and they get a single.
1 run, full toss on middle stump. Mistimed slog straight to square leg.
FOUR runs, full and just outside off, gets a stride out and swings this away to deep midwicket's left.
1 run, fizzing cutter, swerves away outside off, past the outside edge. The keeper is beaten as well by the bounce or the lack of it. They sneak in a bye.
1 run, the bowler's angling the ball in on a length to the batsman and the batsman is happy to keep tapping it into the legside to turn the strike over.
1 bye, back of a length, short and fast outside off, and Moeen's too slow to pull. Through to the keeper and the batsmen pinch a single.
FOUR runs, short of a length and into leg stump, swiped with the turn and there's a mix-up between deep square and deep midwicket as they converge. Neither is sure which one has to sprint at this. In the end it's into the boundary and that is the batsman' first fifty of the season and it's come off 28 balls.
nan
SIX runs, and that is that. Gets a full ball from the bowler, just outside off, and he clears his front leg and launches the winning hit high into the Jaipur sky, well beyond the long-on boundary.
no run, backs away and plays and misses at a 142kph delivery angled across him.
1 run, length ball, angled in towards leg, flicked away to square leg.
1 run, flat and quick outside off. 114kph, in fact. the batsman came down the ground and tried to slog it towards the leg side, but takes the inside edge to short fine leg instead.
1 run, good length on leg stump, clipped to deep square's left off the back foot.
no run, good length and into leg stump. Watchful punch to mid-on.
no run, quicker ball, cramps him up. Dot.
1 run, good length and turning in from middle. Steps out and punches to long-on.
no run, full and just outside off, misitimed drive to extra cover.
no run, slower ball, back of a length on off stump. Backs away and pushes straight to extra cover.
SIX runs, swatted over cow corner! KKR need these runs so desperately. the batsman fetches a length delivery cleanly into the leg side, the ball sailing well back into the crowd.
1 run, shortish, close to off stump. Lets it come on and eases it to the right of point with a straight bat.
SIX runs, full toss again. These are all attempts at yorkers that are going horribly wrong. Daredevils having a tough time against the best death-overs batting unit this season. the batsman swipes and pummels it over deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, there is the batsman. Manufactures a shot. He backs away to make room so he can loft this hard-length ball over cover for four. Lovely shot.
2 runs, fuller length and the batsman comes on the front foot to push it to long-on with soft hands. The ball's not travelling but the batsman and Bairstow are - they sprint for the second. Yet another fifty for the batsman.
2 runs, dropped short outside off. Gets behind it and slaps it away past point. Axar puts in a slide to his left at sweeper cover and keeps it in play.
1 run, steered wide of point this time for a single.
1 run, slower ball at a good length again, waits on it and taps it down to long-on.
no run, full on off stump, and the batsman's happy to defend it back to Jaddu. Time out.
no run, in the slot, outside off, but he fails to make a perfect connection. Mid-off fields.
1 run, slight swing away, on a length, around off, runs off the thick outside edge for a single to square third man.
no run, full and slides in on middle from around the wicket, tapped to cover.
nan
FOUR runs, length ball outside off, not much spin into hhim, and the batsman gets down to split the short third man region with a reverse sweep.
1 run, short of length around off, goes back and pulls it towards deep midwicket.
OUT, leading edge back to the bowler! Good length on middle, and looking to work it towards midwicket. He's through his shot too early, and the leading edge comes towards Yusuf, the non striker. But the bowler scoots behind Yusuf and holds on to the offering. That's No. 5!.
SIX runs, launches it over the leg side, he's not wasting time today! Took a step down as soon as he saw the ball was on leg, reached the pitch of the ball and sent it over deep midwicket.
1 run, full googly outside off, swept along the turf to long-on.
FOUR runs, length ball on middle, and the batsman bends his knees and then pulls this along the ground to the square boundary. Perfectly placed.
1 run, full and into off stump, leans in and flicks to deep square.
no run, short of a length indipper outside off, cut to backward point.
1 run, full outside off, and turning further away. Driven with the bat's open face to cover point on this occasion.
no run, lovely bowling. Defensive line wide outside off, but not much turn and it stays inside the wide line as he leaves it alone.
no run, short and just outside off, cut straight to backward point.
no run, full ball at middle stump. Looking for the shape away from there, but there's none on that first ball. the batsman taps it back to the bowler.
no run, shorter and wider of off, and he leaves this alone.
no run, brings out the reverse-sweep to a delivery bowled on leg stump, hit well but straight to backward point.
no run, good length and pushed through quick outside off. Hurriedly jabbed towards short third.
1 run, back of a length on off and angling away from Yusuf. Tries to cut hard at it, but straight to Yuvraj at cover point. But it pops straight out. What a rare drop from Yuvraj.
FOUR runs, short, hip-high, and while he has a deep square leg in place, the batsman is smart enough to go inside the line and go behind square with his short-arm pull.
no run, length outside off, pushed to cover.
FOUR runs, no slip and the edge goes for four Wonder why the slip was removed. The extra bounce has got two edges already. This one did it again, bounced outside off from back of a length and the batsman slashed hard at it. Got a thick outside edge that ran to the boundary.
no run, good length outside off, sliding on again and once again he's looked to hit it too hard. Mistimed punch to extra cover.
1 run, short of a length, not much width, punched wide of extra cover for one.
no run, poke and a miss! Moved away off the seam from length, he looked to steer behind point.
SIX runs, walloped deep into the stands at backward square leg! At Mohit's pace, that's asking for trouble. Swivels back and helps him over.
no run, slider, length ball, angling across him, and skids through to beat him on the outside edge.
no run, slower bouncer, the batsman has to innovate after setting himself up to bash through off and he tries to upper cut. Misses the ball.
1 run, into the pads, worked to leg for one.
no run, slow, full, teasing him, and the ball dips alarmingly to beat his sweep.
no run, nearly through him. Googly comes back in sharply as the batsman is desperate to make room for the punch through the covers. Gets it off the inside half to short fine.
1 run, slower offcutter, pitches outside leg, turns towards off, worked to leg for one.
OUT, traps him in front, but the batsman has reviewed! It's the knuckle ball - now that's a story to tell, the batsman's a legend with that variation but he doesn't pick it. Swings all across the line, feet planted in the crease. Replays says there is no bat, HawkEye says it is clipping just enough of leg stump to make it umpire's call.
OUT, Dhawan dropped the easy one, but takes the difficult one. Du Plessis charges at him, the bowler follows him, it goes off the inside half of the bottom of the bat, and Dhawan dives forward at long-on to take the catch. He then does the thigh five, and also jumps on the bowler, who is now the fastest to 50 IPL wickets.
1 run, back of a length, wide outside off, and steered to short third man.
FOUR runs, even better. Totally disdainful. Length ball, outside off, but the batsman shows no regard. He slogs this over midwicket for four more.
nan
FOUR runs, lifted over mid-off. A full toss outside off, gets deep in the crease and carves this. Didn't hit that too well but mid-off was in.
1 run, yorker, dug out for a single to leg.
no run, flat offbreak outside off. Doesn't turn. Beats him on the outside edge.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven along the floor to long-off.
1 run, given some more air, and the batsman works it of the front foot to midwicket. Wanted the second but Ashwin sent him back.
OUT, chipped straight to midwicket. Fast hands too fast from the batsman. This is on the leg stump as well, but shorted than the last one. He's closed the face too early on this and it's off the inside half, straight to the fielder.
FOUR runs, length outside off, the batsman waits for it a little longer, and cuts it finer, bisecting point and cover-point for four.
1 run, that one surprised him with the bounce. It was only 120 kph, but reared up off a length outside off and the batsman ended up fending it off from above his waist while quickly taking his top hand off the bat.
no run, length on off, comes on really really slow, the batsman stands tall and defends.
1 run, back of a length on middle, and he clips it off his pads to deep backward square. Enough time to walk across for the single.
no run, appeal again but umpire Erasmus turns it down. Full, just outside off, and the batsman tries to sweep. Impact outside off, and there was a bit of glove involved too.
no run, short of a length in the corridor, defended off the back foot.
1 run, a length delivery on middle and leg, slogged away to deep square leg.
1 run, googly lobbed up at middle stump, looks for the slog sweep, thick inside edge to deep backward square.
no run, good length on leg stump, tapped straight to short midwicket.
OUT, taken at mid-off. the bowler was brought back for the wicket, and he's got the biggest one. Good length and rising just outside off, was looking to slap this over the infield on the up but ended up slicing it.
1 run, dropped by sweeper. Tewatia running in. A tough chance low and in front of him. Full ball lofted, inside-out and straight in line with Tewatia at deep cover, but he had to sprint in a lot and just managed to get his palms under that as he put in a slide. Couldn't hold on.
1 run, slower through the air, on the pads, worked away to leg for one.
FOUR runs, full toss outside off, the batsman's first boundary as he drives this past the diving extra cover.
1 run, length on off stump, taps it in front of cover point and steals a quick single.
FOUR runs, tossed up outside off, the batsman dances down the track, does not meet the pitch, but manages to carve it in the air to the left of cover.
2 runs, slower short ball outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
1 run, touch short, punched to short cover where there's a misfield.
FOUR runs, he's away! Nice wristwork. Length at a middle and off line. Leans in and clips it in front of square. the bowler under pressure straight away. Lovely attacking batting.
no run, forces this length ball into the covers.
no run, length at off stump, flicked to midwicket.
SIX runs, just over midwicket. That's bottom hand, all over. Comes running down and chips the ball into that area. The timing is so good that it clears Johnson, running around.
1 run, shimmies down the track but the bowler spots it, pulls his length back and gives only a single to long-on.
no run, skiddy length ball from wide of the crease, the batsman right behind the line in defence.
FOUR runs, spanged through finer third man! A thick edge, too thin for the fielder, and an unsuspecting cameraman by the dugout wears it on the shoulder!.
1 run, full ball, on off stump, and he hits it hard to mid off. The man stationed there, Iyer, is quite deep, and that allows them to come through for two.
no run, flat again, fuller this time, close to off stump. Stays back and punches firmly, back to the bowler.
1 run, short of a length and cramped him at middle stump. Mistimed punch to mid-off.
FOUR runs, short, wide, through cover and point this time as he gets on top of the bounce and slaps it away.
1 run, short of a length at leg stump, whipped to long-on off the back foot.
SIX runs, length, outside off, and he has deposited this deep over long off.
1 run, good length on off, and the batsman stays on the back foot and cuts it behind square to the man in the deep.
1 run, tossed up, he skips out and tries to drive hard but it skews off the inside half of the bat to square leg.
OUT, how lucky is the bowler? Leg-side filth at 128ks, seems like a floaty slower ball, and the fine leg is up. the batsman seems to have decided to hit this for a six, but plays a little early, and gets a thick edge to short fine leg.
FOUR runs, whiplash pull. Too short and he's quickly on the back foot and send this crashing to the square leg boundary.
1 run, fuller around off, comes forward and pushes it towards covers.
1 run, length ball on middle, and flicked off his pads to square leg.
no run, opens the face of the bat to guide it to short third man off the front foot.
1 run, backs away and slaps this length ball to Jadeja at long-off.
1 run, Nabi comes around the stumps, spearing the ball across the batsman on that angle. The batsman waits deep in the crease, and a short-arm jab brings a run to midwicket.
FOUR runs, drilled over his partner. Classy. Good length outside off, stride down the pitch and swinging room on the drive allows him to loft it.
1 run, yorker on leg stump, and the batsman clips it off his toes to deep backward square.
1 wide, carbon copy! Pitches on middle, but the ball shapes into his body and then down the leg side. The umpire spreads his arms wide again.
no run, good length on off, defended off the back foot.
1 run, offbreak, short of a length, pulled to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, a whip that's blazed away to the backward square boundary! Mohit drops it short and can't get enough height on the attempted bouncer.
1 run, length on middle stump, nudged down to long-on.
FOUR runs, clouted over the covers! That's supreme batting, a fraction of room to the leg side, opens up the off, and creams his drive over the ring and away to the rope!.
FOUR runs, slower ball outside off, but this nicely comes on as the batsman splits the gap between backward point and short third man. the bowler's bleeding runs already.
1 run, on a length, on off, turns away, punched to deep cover for one.
FOUR runs, whipped inside-out over cover What a shot. Full on off, and the batsman uses his bottom hand to lift this over the infield. Just beats long-off running to his left.
2 runs, shorter and spins away outside off, chopped wide of sweeper for two.
OUT, that is plumb. Full and at middle stump. Gets down for the sweep and is completely cramped on it. On the back leg right in front of middle stump.
no run, good length and just outside off, chopped into the off side.
no run, shapes up for the big hit again, but the bowler gets his length right on the fast legbreak. He has to defend this to cover.
FOUR runs, shot. Won't allow you to bowl to me, says Faf. Gets down the pitch to cut out the swing and lifts one over the off-side infield.
SIX runs, remember the name! Even though it's so generic. It's the offcutter on off stump, and Sharma gets his front leg out of the way before thumping it over long off.
1 run, goes back to a fuller length angled across, slapped in the cover region for a single.
1 run, fuller around off, comes forward and drives it towards wide long-off.
1 run, a low full toss around off, Nabi can hit it only towards long-on. Pandey was looking for the second but it went straight towards Pollard.
OUT, swipes across the line and loses his stumps. Good length ball headed for the top of off stump. He isn't behind the line as he wants the room to slog into the leg side. A bit slow on it in the end and that knocks off stump.
1 run, full and straight, low full toss. He gets behind it and turns it to square leg.
1 leg bye, right across it and plays all around. Big lbw shout, but this is a length ball that has not swung. So it is unlikely that this has pitched within the stumps and is going on to hit. And because this is hitting, it is pretty certain this has been pitched outside leg.
1 run, length ball on leg stump, the batsman flicks it away to deep midwicket.
no run, short of a length and in at middle stump. Opens up his stance to try and drop this into the off side for a single, but he's timed it too well.
1 run, short of a length on off, steered through backward point.
no run, good length on off, and jagging into the batsman again. Fended off the back foot with soft hands this time.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, good length and just outside off, pushed into the covers.
no run, outside off and angling into the batsman. Mistimed towards cover.
no run, good length on middle stump, pushed to mid-on off the front foot.
1 run, fullish on leg stump, turns it through midwicket.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, stays back and flicks it towards fine leg, 100 is up for Sunrisers.
1 run, a short slower ball outside off, hit away to long-off. the batsman isn't happy with the execution.
1 run, good length and sliding into leg stump. Clipped to deep square off the back foot.
no run, turns this straight to square leg. Tight bowling so far from KG.
1 run, slower short ball wide outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
1 run, length on off, punched down the ground to long-off.
SIX runs, lovely shot over the short boundary. This is not too short at all, but the batsman plays the swivel-pull. Just jumps on to the back foot with the front leg in the air, and this is only waist high so he can pull him for a six.
1 run, shortish and some width, goes on with the arm and the batsman slaps it through the covers.
2 runs, the bowler bangs it short and outside off, the batsman can't get on top of it. Splices a pull over midwicket.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to long-off.
no run, the bowler hits a hard length - neither driveable nor pullable - fended of.
no run, back of length outside off, the batsman hangs back and punches it to cover.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
1 run, cramped for room as he mistimes a short-arm jab to mid-on.
no run, lunges forward to block a tossed up offbreak and is surprised by the dip on it. the batsman thinks he can get to the pitch, but suddenly has to use his wrists to keep the ball down.
1 run, full slower ball, looped up at leg stump. Watchfully jabbed to mid-on.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to extra cover's left off the front foot.
OUT, the bowler has delivered what Dhawan asked for. This is nearly a yorker. Quick one. And even though it is not a yorker, there is still not enough room to get under. All he manages to do is scoop it out to point.
OUT, 127 kph, goes through Hardik! It's a slower ball on middle, think he disguised that ball excellently. Because the batsman saw the length, picked the right shot (a wild T20 heave, what else?) but was through his shot too early. The ball then had an unhindered path to the middle stump. Lovely execution.
1 run, short and wide going across, slapped over the covers for one.
1 run, turns this gently with the spin towards square leg.
2 runs, full on leg, he clips this neatly wide of long on and they sprint back for two.
no run, punched off the backfoot back to the bowler. Top over from the bowler; just two off it.
1 run, looks for the ramp, but Krishna goes wide at it and concedes just the single to square leg.
no run, goes back and blocks the quicker legbreak outside off.
FOUR runs, another googly outside leg, the batsman goes back French cricket style and thumps four more past short fine leg, Ishant rather going down in instalments.
no run, on a length, the batsman rocks back, punches this hard but straight to extra cover.
1 run, walks across, correctly predicting the bowler's plans to hide it outside off, but he mis-hits it down to long-off.
no run, flatter length ball on the stumps, defended to Kohli at short midwicket.
1 run, a cutter on middle, pushed to cover for one. Roy and the bowler collide. But the run is easily done.
SIX runs, lofted handsomely over long off! the batsman spots one in his own half and sends the ball soaring way, way over the boundary with a clean swing of the blade.
OUT, plumb. the batsman is feeling the pressure, and as soon as he sees one flighted up, he gets down for a slog sweep. It dips nicely to beat him, and goes straight on to hit him dead in front.
1 run, flat back of a length delivery, almost a seam-up as he fires it in at pace, turned away to backward square leg.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, dragged away to deep midwicket.
1 run, drives but the ball holds its line, thick inside edge to square leg.
2 runs, comes down the track to the first ball, and slashes it away over point. the bowler puts it a bit wide, and that allows him to go for it.
FOUR runs, that's fifty in only 28 balls! Gently deflects the back of a length ball on his pads to the unmanned fine leg boundary. His first four of the night  to go with six sixes!.
1 run, defends the slower ball on middle through midwicket.
1 wide, length ball, angling in, wide down the leg side.
1 run, short of a length, punched hard to mid-off for one.
1 run, full on off stump, driven along the floor to long-off.
1 run, length ball on middle and leg, moves across and swipes it towards fine leg, fielder there, so only a single.
1 run, length ball, angles away from him, and takes the outside edge as Axar shapes to defend. Runs down towards third man. Good pace on that ball, and a hint of reverse swing too on a scruffy surface.
no run, full on middle stump, prods forward and taps it back to the bowler.
no run, full on off stump, driven to extra cover.
1 leg bye, stifled appeal, the batsman went across the line to flick it fine but the ball angled in and deflected off the thigh pad to the leg side.
1 run, flat, into the pads, punched down the ground for one.
FOUR runs, 142.3ks swinging full-toss on off stump, the bowler searches for the yorker but overpitches it. the batsman stays still and belts it past the left of the bowler and right of mid-off. So easy on the eye .
FOUR runs, full on off, and the angle going away from the batsman allows him to free his arms. Takes a step towards the leg side to make some extra room, and then lifts it inside out over cover.
no run, leading edge as he shuffles across again. the bowler stays outside off, and gets this to hold its line. It falls well short of mid-off.
no run, again he drives for the offbreak, but this slides away to beat his outside edge.
1 run, yorker at middle stump, 143.6kph. Driven off the toe-end to midwicket's left.
SIX runs, short ball, and he guides this around the corner, really fine, over where fine leg might have been.
no run, length ball around off, good tight lines, the batsman drops it into cover. Good over apart from the boundary.
FOUR runs, four to finish. A slower ball on middle and leg, smashed away into the gap at midwicket. 22 off the last over, Kings XI will take that.
1 run, tossed up outside off, drilled to sweeper cover.
1 run, on the pads, worked away to deep square leg for a run.
no run, down the track and gets to the pitch of the ball to pat it back. the bowler fields and Rayudu has to scramble back to his crease at the non-striker's end.
SIX runs, nonchalant swipe over the bowler. Full and wide outside off, reaches out with extended arms and holds his shape as he watches this fly.
FOUR runs, slips out as a full toss outside off, and he drives it through cover and forward of deep cover for four.
1 run, full on middle, and Suryakumar moves on to 48 with that nudge towards deep midwicket. They jog across for the run.
1 run, length ball, spinning away from him, wanted to turn it to leg but gets a leading edge to point.
no run, beaten on the sweep. Full legbreak outside off, gets down on a knee to whip that through square.
1 run, short and angled in on middle, the batsman flat-bats it down the ground to long-on.
no run, back of a length and skids in on middle, defended back to the bowler.
1 run, in the air and Bravo makes no attempt. Another top-edge on the sweep and Bravo runs forward before bailing off in the last minute. Misjudgement.
no run, good length outside off, slapped to point.
no run, the batsman looks for the big hit over mid-off, but is hit on the inside half of the bat.
1 run, thick outside edge. the bowler goes straight with a length ball, the batsman thinks he can slog this, but the ball holds its line, thus taking the edge. It bounces well short of third man.
no run, length and sliding on outside off, slapped on the bounce to extra cover.
no run, slower bouncer angling away, steered to backward point.
no run, short outside off, he wanted to stand tall and smack it through cover point, but a bit late on it, and ends up bunting it back to the bowler.
no run, almost to the slip fielder! DK sets up for a pull because this is slow and short, but then the ball breaks sharply, and as a result, he has to dab it down into the off side. Does so well enough to beat Stokes.
1 run, good length, googly and in at middle. Onto the back foot to punch to long-on.
1 run, nice length here, and some turn. Amazing what happens once your tormentor is gone. Only a single to cover.
1 run, sliced over, just eludes Rohit, who runs to his right from short third man.  Goes down as a dropped chance nevertheless . Slower and fuller from the bowler, the batsman had to reach out to play this one.
no run, short of a length, outside off, opens the face, but can't get it past cover-point.
FOUR runs, lovely shot first up. Slower ball, on a length, outside off, and he stands his ground to drive this over extra cover for four.
SIX runs, full on leg, but the batsman makes room expecting the cramped line. Swivels and slog-sweeps behind square, and the ball flies over the square-leg fence. What a shot!.
SIX runs, whoa that's an the batsman special. Gets the length wrong, it's a full toss on leg and the batsman moves across to unleash that trademark paddle-pull that sends the ball soaring past the boundary.
no run, on a length, just outside off. Defended.
1 run, gentle little push with the spin towards midwicket.
no run, big shout for lbw, but is there an inside edge? Rohit Sharma thinks so, so there's no review. Smartly bowled by the bowler - he knows the batsman has been sitting deep in his crease, looking to set himself up for the pull. The attempted yorker, angling in from wide of the crease, ends up as a full-toss that hits him on the pad, but there's a tickle of inside edge along the way while he tries to flick it away.
1 run, works this off length from middle to deep midwicket.
1 run, full on off, and the googly is dragged to deep midwicket. Another slog attempted.
1 run, tossed up full and a legbreak. Reaches out and drives to long-off with the turn.
1 run, slow, on a length, middle and leg, worked to leg for one.
1 run, good length on leg stump, and clipped towards the leg side. Man there at deep midwicket.
SIX runs, clears the midwicket boundary with ease again. Full and slid on at leg stump. Never going to survive that as a bowler. Casual whip, not much height on it, and to the deep fielder's left.
1 run, quietly pushes out a fullish one to cover.
FOUR runs, whippy pull to deep square. Dropped short at middle stump, quickly on the back foot and gets it to deep square's right.
FOUR runs, clears midwicket. Dropped short but a bit more room this time and he latches onto that and turns it over the infielder. First boundary in nearly four overs.
1 run, muscled to long off! But men patrolling the deep. Full outside off,and that was mistimed over the bowler's head.
no run, slower ball that DK can't connect with. Good length on off but takes ages to get to the batsman. Misses the late cut.
FOUR runs, short of a length, wide, not high pace, and he stays leg side of it to crunch him over backward point. No half measures.
2 runs, change up, and short on off stump. the batsman backs away to make some room, and bunts it over the bowler's head. Some work for long off, but he does well to keep it down to two.
no run, back of a length outside off. the batsman tries to slap it square past point, but the bounce stays low! Under-edges it towards the off side.
1 run, not quite timed well enough, mistimes this attempted pull on the bounce to Stokes at long on.
1 run, slow, high, outside leg, swept to short fine for one.
1 leg bye, an inswinging yorker, the batsman backs away and looks to get his bat down, misses but will collect a leg-bye to fine leg.
1 run, the batsman is looking for the big shot, but Patel follows him, and he still hits it wide of long-on. Incredibly, Samad turns down the second.
OUT, gloved and brilliantly taken by Pant diving to his left! It wasn't just the dive but the way he took a couple of steps to his left before putting in the dive that allowed him to get there and pluck it out of thin air. Bouncer from the bowler, directed at the body, the batsman attempted to hook it away but only managed to glove it behind.
OUT, caught off a top edge at deep square leg dragged it a bit short and the batsman wanted to pull that into the second tier, went on the back foot and was going hard at it, but only got a top edge that looped towards the fielder.
no run, pushed through quicker on off, defended with soft hands to the off side.
2 runs, full slower ball outside off, driven along the floor to sweeper.
no run, length ball outside off, lets it turn before gently tapping it to point.
2 runs, length outside off, stays back and flat-bats it towards long-on, they are sprinting back for the second, Agarwal the fielder, but the bowler fails to collect the throw.
1 run, goes for the big slog sweep, it was slightly full, but he gets an inside edge to the leg side.
1 leg bye, full on the pads, tries to work it to squareleg, misses with the bat but gets a leg bye.
2 runs, slapped out through the leg side, reaching for the ball and just about connecting.
1 run, back of a length on off, and Yusuf's cramped for space. All he can do is punch it towards short cover for a single.
FOUR runs, outrageous hitting! the batsman hasn't been happy with the pace of this pitch. But even so, he picks up a ball that is nowhwere near short enough and pulls it straight of midwicket. Funny thing is, there's no room for him to free the hands either. But still, he short-arm jabs it away. Pure strength there from the youngster.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length, outside off, punched down the ground, the bowler gets a hand on it, which actually slows the ball down and allows them the time to take a single.
2 runs, shovelled to deep midwicket's right. Might feel he missed out there. It's a full toss wide outside off, he shuffles into line and deliberately closes the face on this. Square leg and fine leg were in.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and firmly punched off the back foot to long on.
1 run, slower ball at a good length, gets forward and inside edge onto pad for the single in the off side.
1 run, good length on off, chops his cut between point and short third man. But there's protection behind square in the deep.
1 run, good length on leg stump, and the batsman backs away towards the leg side. Tries to fend it but takes the inside edge towards deep midwicket.
1 run, length outside off, the batsman pushes it to long-off for one.
SIX runs, and the batsman shows he is up for it if the leggie pitches it up in his slot. Especially when the leggie doesn't turn his legbreak. Slogged over wide long-on for six more.
1 run, a good yorker to finish. On leg, jammed out for one.
OUT, gone. Length ball wide of off stump and the batsman aims over the covers again, not full enough for it and it grips and turns. Slices off the outside half of the bat into short third man's hands.
OUT, huge wicket. A rare the batsman failure. Patel showing why he is having such a great season. He sees the batsman skip down the wicket, and slows this down. The ball gets some drop too, which means he is not quite to the pitch of it. And then the lack of the turn does the rest to go off the inside half of the bat for a catch to mid-on.
OUT, he's got him! Arshdeep's strangle has resulted in an edge. Rolls the fingers on this. Remember, he's around the wicket. So the short of length ball is into the batsman's body. the batsman is walking down into the leg side to try and open the face and get this through backward point and short third man. He gets a thin outside edge to Rahul.
no run, length, angling in, Suryakumar misses the flick and is struck on the thigh, done in for pace.
no run, short and wide outside off stump, punched straight to extra cover off the back foot.
SIX runs, short and veering into the hips, you've got to got it up higher, the bowler. the batsman sizes it up and short-arms it away over square leg. Sweet swing of the bat.
(no ball), that's a beamer that's hit the batsman hard and straight on the left shoulder. the batsman is flat on the ground! Not sure if it slipped out of Harshal's hand or anything else, it went straight towards the batsman who took his eyes off the ball and took the blow. Nothing serious there, hopefully. the batsman is up again, but being tended to by the physio. He's popping a pill now.
OUT, make it three wickets. the bowler bowls short of a length, the batsman tries to make pace and go inside-out, but all he manages is a top edge to short third man.
1 run, pulled away, but not timed well. A half-stop at midwicket by Ashwin keeps it to a single.
1 run, works it with the inward angle to deep backward square leg.
1 run, good length at middle stump, steps out and drives aerially towards long-on.
2 runs, googly, good length and in at middle stump. Deep in the crease to tuck this to long-on's right with soft hands.
1 run, length ball wide of off stump, the batsman plays a wristy drive out to deep cover point.
(no ball), wide of the crease and angling into a front-foot push down the pitch. Front-foot no-ball.
FOUR runs, picks his field. The mid-off is up so the batsman is making room early and targetting that part of the field. Gets a short-of-a-length delivery, but he still powers it straight of mid-off for four.
no run, length ball, angles into him, and he defends this.
1 run, slower length ball on off stump, punched down the ground to long-off.
1 run, looks to wallop this over deep midwicket, gets a thick inside edge and can only get it as far as square leg.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, angling in, pushed to deep midwicket for one.
no run, appeal for caught behind, but not given! And RCB don't have a review either. It was short on middle, and he pull didn't come off. RCB believe he's top-edged it to the keeper, but replays say no.
2 runs, short at leg stump, nudged to deep square's right off the hips.
FOUR runs, slashed over point. Slower ball, short of a length and rising in at the body. Shuffles into the leg side for the room and deliberately chops this over that fielder.
2 runs, full, clipped off the toes, Jadeja misfields at deep midwicket to allow them the second.
2 runs, short of a good length on middle stump, punched to long-on's right off the back foot.
OUT, caught at cover! the bowler hits back. Full at off stump, just held in the pitch enough, the batsman came forward and couldn't keep his push down.
1 run, runs down and shovels a flick to long-on.
FOUR runs, full and down leg side, shifts his weight into the off side to make room and clips this behind square on the leg side. Fine leg is in, so no one stopping this.
no run, googly. Short of a length outside off. Sets up for the slog, adjusts for the cut. Doesn't get bat on it in the end.
1 run, waist-high full toss on middle stump with the batsman coming down the wicket. The ball slipped from his hand, I suspect, but the no-ball's not given. the batsman's not happy one bit. Just one of those days for the RCB captain.
FOUR runs, that's too short, Mayank goes back to open up and pulls it in the gap again. Picks it up from off stump and finds the gap between long on and deep midwicket.
1 run, quietly turned with the incoming angle to the leg side for one.
2 runs, slots it between extra cover and mid-off, Ashwin catches up with it, puts in a dive and saves a few runs.
no run, length on middle, pushed to midwicket.
no run, lovely delivery. Slower one, 121ks. It is the offcutter, the batsman plays for that inward movement, but it holds its line and beats his outside edge.
OUT, taken at mid-off. Good length and in the corridor. the batsman looks to drive through the line to try and clear mid-off, but that sticks in the pitch and he's through it early. Bottom hand comes off as well and it's easily taken by Faf. the batsman didn't come to terms with this pitch tonight.
no run, length ball outside off, looks for the flat-bat cover drive but plays too early, hits it back towards the bowler instead.
no run, tossed up, and he he drives this to short cover.
no run, fired on off, run away to short third man.
2 runs, on a length, angling in, tucked away wide of the man deep square on leg side for a couple.
no run, defends a good length ball on middle. That's the bowler' spell - and his season - done.
2 runs, length and just outside off, mistimed pt down to long-off.
1 wide, wide length ball as the batsman stands his ground this time. Called wide this time.
1 run, good length outside off, crisp punch out to sweeper cover.
2 runs, short on middle and leg, swatted away to deep square leg for a couple. A 50-run stand.
no run, back of a length outside off, finds point with the square drive.
1 run, full on middle, pushed back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, lovely strike. Clears the front leg, stands tall, and smashes this length ball over mid-off. Has the pace to work with.
no run, front-of-the-hand slider, chopped to short third man.
FOUR runs, beautiful shot! They needed four fours in four balls, and that's the first of 'em. Superb placement as he squeezes out a wide fuller one between point and backward point.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and punching this to deep cover-point.
1 run, length ball on leg, and he rides the bounce to pull. Muscled to deep midwicket.
1 run, shorter on off, and he backs away to pull it straight down the ground. Man at long on.
1 run, slower ball, full on off, and he mistimes a drive to cover. Raina dives to his left to intercept, and stops the batsman from coming back on strike.
no run, no turn again on this length ball, thinks of flicking but is forced to block back.
no run, length ball, nips touch as it hits the seam and the batsman has a waft, plays around it outside off.
1 run, flat on middle and leg, punched to long-on for a single.
no run, full on leg stump, flicked straight to midwicket.
no run, back of a length on middle, nudges it to midwicket.
1 run, fullish, just outside off, and steered off the front foot to short third man for a single.
FOUR runs, good length on middle stump, and this time the batsman pulls it over midwicket! Swivels well, and then his bat speed does the rest. Picking the length early.
1 run, full and into off stump, lofts to sweeper off the front foot.
no run, lovely slower ball. Short of a length, the batsman goes for the pull but is way early into it. This is bowled at 118ks.
1 run, chipped this time, and there's a cry of 'catch it!' from Nabi, but the ball falls safely in front of long on.
1 run, yorker at the toes, jammed to midwicket's right.
no run, beaten on the sweep against this googly, hits the pad. Pitched miles outside leg.
1 run, back of a length, dabbed to backward point, good control from the bowler.
SIX runs, that's out of the stadium. Googly, short and at middle stump. Jumps onto the back foot and pulls it over long-on.
no run, full and just outside off, driven to mid-off off the toe-end.
1 leg bye, tossed up on the leg stump again, and he looks to play a flick. Takes the pad and trickles down towards fine leg.
1 run, floats this full on middle and leg, flicked to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, runs down the pitch and decimates a length ball over long-on. That's travelled!.
2 runs, on a length, middle and leg, he works this to leg with soft hands. The ball has just crossed the 30-yard circle, and thy come back for two.
2 runs, another carrom ball, angled into the right-hander, the batsman though dinks it into the midwicket region gently, knowing full well that with the man back in the crease, he has runs on offer.
FOUR runs, full outside off, carved away over the covers. Uppish but through the gap.
1 run, slow and loopy first up, driven to long-off for one.
1 run, wider from the batsman and the batsman pushes it into off for one.
no run, the batsman presses forward to meet this length ball and drives it down to mid-off.
OUT, the batsman takes the bowler on, and edges through. Seems like a slower ball, at 134ks (believe that), and the batsman is early into the swing. He has skipped down the wicket, gets a meaty edge, and it just about carries through to the keeper.
1 run, short ball wide outside off, scythes it to sweeper cover.
1 run, length on leg stump, gets on the back foot and tickles it to long leg.
FOUR runs, thick outside edge fine of short third man. Slower short ball rising outside off. Backs into the leg side and goes hard with the cut that he's ultimately not in control of.
FOUR runs, full-toss outside off, the batsman uses the pace of the bowler and deftly carves it away just wide of short third man for four.
SIX runs, that's hoicked out of sight! Short on middle and he's picked that up high and handsome and far into the top tier at deep squareleg.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. That is the touch of the batsman. Wide length ball, and he pushes this with soft hands, wide of mid-off, and Russell is ginger in the chase. That is fifty for the batsman.
1 run, fuller on the stumps this time, worked towards long-on for a single.
2 runs, sweep to a quick length ball, clears the infield and places it fine of deep square leg.
1 run, full on leg, and tapped with soft hands to the vacant midwicket region. the bowler runs across the ground to intercept and stop the double.
1 run, overpitched outside off, mistimed slog to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, in the batsman's arc! Full on middle stump, and gets his front foot out of the way before muscling this over the bowler. Lands over the sightscreen. Just misses the press box.
FOUR runs, pulled, on the bounce to deep midwicket. Too short, asking to be hit and the batsman did the rest.
SIX runs, clears deep midwicket. Just. That was hit hard. Offcutter dug into the surface again, dropped short and sitting up for the pull. Slugs it flat and clears Kohli. It's only into the ad board there, but that is an 87 metre hit.
1 leg bye, good length on middle stump, and the batsman shuffles across to the off side. Tries to flick it behind square but misses. Hits his thigh pad, and allows them to rotate the strike.
FOUR runs, short of a length, the batsman goes deep into the crease to manufacture the length to pull, and bisects deep backward square and deep midwicket.
2 runs, fuller on the leg stump, Nabi moves across and pushes it gently towards midwicket, the fielder is at the fence and they collect an easy two.
1 run, works this length delivery to long-on from outside off.
2 runs, toe-ends a lofted it but this just eludes the two fielders running backwards from cover and mid-off. Slower delivery but the batsman had to reach out to this delivery.
FOUR runs, the bowler has mid-off up and the batsman backs away to drive a full delivery between mid-off and extra cover.
no run, misses out on a full toss outside off. Ends up swinging inside its line.
1 wide, yorker outside leg stump, and the batsman does well to shuffle across to the off side. Extras.
OUT, gets the wicket. More importantly no run off it. Wide length ball, angling further way. Sure to be called a wide, but Axar manages to get the cue on it for a catch to Buttler.
1 run, whips this down to long on.
no run, short of a length, angling away just outside off. Left alone.
1 wide, slower cutter, 119.8ks, slides down leg. Re-set the radar, Mitch.
1 run, swept away towards deep midwicket as they jog the single.
OUT, Holes out but Sunrisers finish on 178 for 6. Short outside off again, and he tries to pull it towards the leg side. off the bat's toe end, and caught easily by Rayudu. Who's got the momentum at the break?.
OUT, got him extra bounce does the trick. Kept it on a hard length but close to the off stump, not at cutting width. the batsman went for the cut anyway, but only ends up edging it behind. Khaleel's successful immediately on his return.
no run, pitched up and driven, lands a few yards short of mid-on.
1 wide, length and swinging in, down the leg side, called wide.
1 run, short of a length, no room, dabbed away for one.
2 runs, yorker at middle stump, 145.5kph. Squeezed to extra cover's left. Samson swoops down at it and makes the batsman scramble at the non-striker's end. Might have just made it even if there was a direct hit. Earns an overthrow at midwicket for his efforts.
no run, full delivery outside off, 145 kph. Skewed away to mid-on. Another good over for Rajasthan.
no run, good length on middle, and spinning away. Cut off the back foot to cover again.
no run, good length at off stump, defended to the on side.
no run, splice-jarring length on off, the ball hits the bat as opposed to bat hitting ball. Trickles away to cover.
3 runs, good length and just outside off, quickly onto the back foot and punches it between cover and extra. Maxwell ends up stepping on the ball as he tries to backheel it at the boundary. Has a fall too, but he's smiling sheepishly about that surprisingly lazy effort for someone like him.
1 run, misfield by the skipper at cover allows a single, this was slapped hard by Dube.
no run, the legbreak to start outside off, punched back to the bowler.
1 run, looped onto a full length, dabbed cautiously off the legs to midwicket.
no run, touch of width outside off, square drives and finds cover.
1 wide, steps out but Mohit sees him coming and bangs this short, the batsman sways out of the way. Harsh call from Llong. Mohit shocked this was given wide too.
no run, good length outside off and turning in, punched back.
no run, squeezes the drive to cover.
1 run, eased with the spin to deep cover as he jogs the single.
no run, carrom ball, pushed to leg side.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and he toe-ends a defensive shot to point. Enough time to steal a run.
no run, stifled appeal as Parthiv is struck seemingly in front playing across the line to a full inducker but a clear inside edge saves him.
FOUR runs, drilled between mid-off and extra cover. A bit predictable now this slower ball stuff, and the batsman has sized up his options. One step to get deep in the crease for a strong base, then the front leg out of the way to create room. From thee, he crunches from inside the line.
FOUR runs, chopped over backward point. Short ball, possibly a slower one. KW jumps off the pitch and gets adjacent before bringing out the upper cut.
2 runs, slower short ball outside off, waits on that and pulls to deep square's left.
OUT, 148kph yorker and see ya! What a delivery. Wide of the crease, aimed for the base of off stump and through from under the batsman's attempted jab at that. He had the room and all but that was unplayable.
1 run, starts off with a low full toss. It's aimed on his toes, and batsman taps it down the ground to long off.
no run, dropped by the same man who gobbled up the last catch! Tye is in the firing line of a fierce pull shot from the batsman (loads of power, poor placement) and he fumbles an absolute dolly. the batsman gets a second life in the Powerplay.
1 leg bye, length ball angling slightly down leg. Takes a big step back and across before the bowler releases, and ends up missing his flick. Rolls off the pad for a leg-bye.
FOUR runs, pumped clean down the ground. Top striking!.
1 run, googly, short and wide outside off. Under-edge on the attempted cut.
no run, short of a length, at him, defended to leg.
OUT, GONE! Nabi had placed deep midwicket and deep backward square leg as his two boundary-riders, and bowled this to perfection. Tosses this up just outside off, and Rohit takes the bait and looks to go towards long on. The ball turns and grips just enough to force him to go more towards midwicket, where Deepak Hooda hardly needs to move to pocket this big wicket for the home side.
no run, on a length, straight. Defended. No room given to the batsman so far.
no run, nice drift away from the right-hander and that is what makes the batsman a tad bit tentative. Reaches out to it and blocks as carefully as he could.
1 wide, he shapes to jump into the leg side for a ramp and withdraws late. The bowler is forced to bowl wide outside off and he leaves to get the extra run.
1 run, yorker outside off, the batsman shovels it to midwicket and they settle for the single so that he can keep strike.
no run, good length on off, and the batsman tries to slap this over the bowler's head. Played down the wrong line, and the delivery's through to Tare.
no run, slower ball, does him in, but the inside edge goes onto the pad.
FOUR runs, carted to long leg's left. Full ball sliding in at leg stump, gets down and good enough connection on the sweep off the inside half of the bat.
1 run, good length at off stump, looks to drive. Big gap between bat and pad as he looks to drive through cover. Slides on and gets the inside half of the bat.
FOUR runs, 87 kph, short around off, hammered away through wide mid-on for four. That's a rubbish delivery.
no run, the batsman does look to take that route but this slower short ball squeezes under his attempted pull.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, the ball is too wide and the batsman scythes it away through point. Easily put away. the bowler's slow, wide delivery has become predictable.
2 runs, length ball on the stumps spinning onto pad, flicked off the front foot.
FOUR runs, oh lovely! Good length at middle stump, pushed across him again. But Faf negates the angle entirely by running down at him and then lifting this cleanly on the up, straight and over the umpire.
1 run, too full, just outside leg, driven down to long-on.
no run, good length just outside off, leans in for the forward defence but then wants to open the face and run it towards third man. Gently rolls out to backward point.
1 wide, full and very wide outside off, left alone.
2 runs, length ball, just outside off, and the batsman pulls off the back foot to deep midwicket. It's off the bat's toe end, so the lack of pace actually helps Royals collect the second.
no run, good length at middle stump, defended to mid-on from the crease.
1 run, back of a length outside off, shuffles across and flicks to midwicket.
no run, length outside off, walks down and looks to stab at it. Comes back down the pitch off the inside half.
no run, length ball outside off, stays back and punches it towards cover.
no run, good length on off, and extra bounce this time! the batsman tries to punch this straight, but comes off the bat's top half. In the air, but drops short of mid off. Played with hard hands.
1 run, length on middle, jags back in again, Parthiv takes another one on the thigh pad but the deflection allows a quick single.
FOUR runs, heaves it between midwicket and mid-on! That's a the batsman special, right from his disdainful walk down the pitch against the fast bowler and the fast hands that help him put so much power on the shot.
no run, 138 kph, full and straight, more away movement, chipped towards mid-on from the crease.
1 wide, short and down leg side. the batsman jumps into the off side to let it go.
FOUR runs, strays in line, down the leg side, and he shuffles across and glances this away to fine leg.
no run, beaten by a tossed up googly that spins back in to beat the inside edge and hit the flap of the pad.
1 run, shortish delivery angling in towards leg stump, whipped towards deep midwicket.
1 run, slower ball, short of a length, opens the face, gets a single to square third man.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, short, 126 kph. the batsman hurries to get inside the line and help that along to the fine leg boundary. Just inside the boundary.
FOUR runs, off the outside edge but there might have been intent to do exactly that from the batsman. Yorker length just outside off, jams the bat down on it and past the keeper.
OUT, full, and he goes towards midwicket, but cannot beat the man stationed there this time. Chahal waits for it, and takes it nice and low to his right, and then sets off on a celebratory sprint! DK thumps his pads in annoyance, but he had to up the ante.
OUT, the batsman walks! Good length outside off, and the ball stays slightly low. Tries to cut square but the ball goes under his bat. Takes a feather edge, and DK collects like a boss! They don't even bother appealing since the CSK captain starts to walk. Fair-play points, please!.
no run, on a length, hit uppishly, but it bounces well short of mid-on.
no run, outside edge falls short of the keeper. the batsman going across the line after stepping out as the bowler floats this one away from off.
FOUR runs, 80 kph, loads of flight yet again. That ball has worked previously but it's definitely not working today. Full and wide and slow. Smashed through cover for four. Running out of options?.
1 run, full on middle, and the batsman comes down the ground. Hits through the ball's line, and the shot goes one-bounce to long on.
no run, hits him high on the bat as Vijay punches this into the covers. Feet glued to the crease again.
FOUR runs, swatted away. Short and wide outside off, shuffles into line and drags the pull wide of mid-on.
1 run, works this down to long-on as they jog the single.
1 leg bye, Kohli misses a run out chance some uncertain running there. the batsman had inside edged onto pad and it dropped near him. They set off for a run after hesitating. Kohli is sprinting in and under-arms to the stumps but misses. Rayudu stays.
1 run, fuller still now and outside off, to deny the hit down the ground. Opens his bat face to ease it to deep point.
1 run, length ball on leg stump, tickled through square leg off the inside half of the bat.
1 run, good length on the stumps, opens the face to steer it towards slip and they take a quick single.
no run, chops a cut, DK runs across to stop. Swift work.
no run, carrom ball, outside off, beats his cut.
1 run, the batsman keeps trying the pick-up shot after getting inside the line to the bowler. Bounces well short of deep square leg.
1 run, length, spinning in, shifts back and tucks it away to fine leg.
1 run, short outside off, subdued pull down to long-on. This one sticks in the pitch and turns too.
no run, short ball at the batsman, who looks to pull but is beaten and is struck on the arm, the ball rolls towards the keeper.
1 run, a full toss around off, the batsman loses his shape while looking to heave it on the leg side, a single to wide long-on.
1 run, slower offcutter, mis-hit between extra cover and long-off. Rabada puts in a full-length dive to try to catch it but I don't like seeing fast bowlers dive like this. Not worth the injury risk when the reward is a wicket when the game is already over.
1 run, flat, back of a length, on off stump. Flat-batted down to long-on.
no run, turn and bounce from length outside off, defended from the back foot.
no run, short of a length, no room, defended.
no run, good length and at off stump, 147.8kph. Defended off the back foot.
4 leg byes, shoveled fine past the keeper. This must be the batsman's third boundary at fine leg tonight. Good length ball angled into his pads and he turns it away.
no run, drifting down leg, paddled fine but straight to short fine leg.
OUT, holes out to sweeper cover! It's the third length ball in a row from Mitch, and this time he even gets rewarded for it. the batsman uses the angle and tries to go off side - ends up slicing it straight to deep extra cover.
SIX runs, clears long-on. Slower ball, dipping at a good length outside off. the batsman waits and watches and then thwack. To long-on's left.
no run, short of square leg again. Length ball. Keeps hurrying him and cramping him. That's the plan. Can't get the pull away.
1 run, full at leg stump, flicked to deep square.
no run, pitches it up to see if there's swing. And the ball does curl a degree or two into the left-hander but not so much that he isn't able to drive it firmly to mid-off.
FOUR runs, short, at 134ks, and the batsman delays the pull slightly to place this square of the deep square leg. He doesn't have far to go to his right, but can't stop this.
1 run, wide of the crease, full-toss on middle, the batsman middles it straight to deep square leg.
1 run, good length at middle, onto the back foot to punch to long-on.
1 run, back of a length close to off stump, makes a bit of room and punches to sweeper cover.
no run, too slow! the batsman winds up for a biggie, but sends it nowhere. Full outside off, but through his shot way too early.
2 runs, short-arm pulls it out to deep square leg, doing just enough to wait on the slower short ball angled into him.
no run, yorker wide outside off.  the batsman slogs, but the shot comes off his toe end. Mid off intercepts.
1 run, some flight on middle, the batsman makes room and chips the ball to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, flayed in front of square! This wasn't all that short, but de Villiers is camped on the back foot and waiting for it to collect his second boundary.
1 run, length on middle, a good old agricultural slog from Hardik fetches him a single down to deep midwicket as he is unable to time it.
1 run, leg break short down leg, he's back and glancing this fine.
1 run, tossed up, he reaches out and drives firmly to long off.
no run, back of a length and fizzes in at off, the batsman jumps back and punches straight to cover. the bowler rounds out a maiden.
FOUR runs, too much for long-on. This is full and tossed up on leg stump. Gets a nice stride to meet this at the pitch and drives uppishly with the full face offered. It's to long-on's left and Jordan puts in a big dive to his left but can only parry it into the boundary padding.
SIX runs, sends it flying over square leg A good length ball in the corridor, shuffles into the corridor and is right behind it. Uses the pace to loft it high and about 83 metres behind.
1 run, full, skewed into the off side off the leading edge.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, looks to chop behind square but this skids low. Under-edge to keeper's left.
FOUR runs, the batsman's first IPL hundred, and he has got there with improvisation. This shortish ball sits in the pitch, but he manages to loft it over extra cover and make it land between deep cover and long-off. Not the best timing as you expect but the placement is perfect. Gets a long hug from Rahul.
1 leg bye, full on middle, but angling down leg. Dhawan tries to flick fine, but the ball hits his boot and rolls down to short fine leg.
no run, tossed up, on off, he defends on the front foot.
OUT, short ball, downfall. Another batsman finds the fielder off a half-tracker. It's the pace that's doing it. So slow from the bowler, halfway down the pitch. It's a googly but at that length it doesn't matter. the batsman just has to generate too much power on this occasion. Mis-times and finds deep midwicket.
1 run, a low full toss outside off, driven away to mid-off for a run.
1 run, missed run-out. Another risky single to mid-on, the batsman is gone despite the dive, but Kishan's throw misses.
no run, slows it down nicely, the batsman lunges forward and blocks.
1 run, slight swing away from the batsman, driven to deep cover. Seam-up this time. Perhaps the last one was too.
1 run, touch short, steered to deep point.
OUT, defended onto the stumps. Thinks of a left-footed volley as the ball bounces, but he would have taken the stumps with it because the ball bobbed onto the bail. No room for the punch, no room for the kick. A length ball that he was looking to drop pitch side with soft hands.
1 run, thick edge as he looks to drive a googly. Full and dipping outside off, lands to short third's left.
no run, wide length ball, driven on the up, but can't beat the short extra cover.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched on the rise to mid-off.
1 run, short of a length, legbreak, punched to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, fuller around off, comes forward and flicks it behind square.
no run, nearly plays on! Strong finish from the bowler to end the over with one that angles in, the batsman gets an inside edge that nearly gets the off stump.
no run, full on middle, and Rohit carefully fends with soft hands to see the over out. Another timeout.
1 run, in the blockhole on leg stump, looks to whip it away and gets a thick inside edge that rolls into the square leg region.
2 runs, length and just outside off, stabbed to short third man's right and a misfield allows them the second.
1 run, full on leg stump, and worked off his hips to deep midwicket. Tidy over, just the three runs.
1 run, yorker on leg stump, as the batsman comes down the wicket. Cramped for space, and all he can do is squeeze it towards the leg side.
no run, short of a length on leg stump, tapped to square leg on the up.
no run, full outside off, and zipping into the batsman's body once again. Tries an expansive drive but checks his shot at the last moment. Tapped towards cover.
OUT, angular run this time, and he keeps bowling the slow legbreaks. the batsman plays the desperate slog, but this ball is not full enough for the shot. Deep midwicket takes the catch.
FOUR runs, back of a length on the hips, 142.1ks, the batsman clears his front leg again, this time he drags it away square of short fine leg for a hat-trick of boundaries.
1 run, good length and onto the pads, flicked through square leg.
1 run, short and slanting in at the top of off, fended to the off side. He's still in discomfort.
SIX runs, he's swept him. Over square leg. It's an outswinger on a good length and the batsman has got down on a knee and turned this high into the leg side. Incredible skill.
no run, third googly in a row. Starts very wide of off stump and the batsman looks to cut, but the ball spins in, cramps him, and skids through low to sneak under his bat.
no run, hit on the side of the helmet! A short slower ball around off and the batsman is through his shot too early. Because he's early through it, the side of the helmet meets the ball, and the ear! Needs some treatment, maybe a new helmet too.
no run, on his backside! the bowler with a sensational response. Bouncer follows him down leg side and he has to do superbly to get his face out of the way. Ends up on the floor as he attempts it.
no run, length on middle stump, defended on the front foot.
SIX runs, overcompensates now and bowls a plum half-volley. the batsman is going against the turn after clearing his front leg, but this is a new ball and he has gone only to long-on and not midwicket. New balls please.
no run, good length on middle and leg, jammed out back towards the bowler.
1 run, good length outside off, leans in nicely for this drive on the rise but Washington puts in a tumbling stop to his left at mid-off.
2 runs, tossed up, floated across towards off stump, and he gets down low to sweep to the left of long leg, where Binny makes an excellent sprinting, diving save at the boundary.
no run, tries the reverse, but can't connect! It was full outside off, but the batsman expected it to be closer to him. Stopped by MSD.
1 run, full and wide outside off, 134 kph, Harshal looked for a lap scoop but tapped it to point.
2 runs, a little shorter, he plays back and lofts it straight down the ground neatly between long-on and long-off.
no run, on the backfoot as he defends this length ball.
no run, beauty! pitches middle, turns square, beats the outside edge with vicious turn away.
FOUR runs, it's too predictable, the length that is. Short around middle and leg, pulled away into the gap between square leg and midwicket. The ball lands just inside the boundary, four.
no run, length ball coming into him from outside off, he wants to smack it over cow corner but gets it to short midwicket only off the inside half of the bat.
FOUR runs, oh my, that is gorgeous. Just brilliant. Overpitched outside off, plants half a stride down and drills it over the non-striker with no fuss at all.
1 run, length on middle, the batsman goes down on one knee and times the slog sweep nicely but a few bounces and straight to deep squareleg, who anticipated the spin on the ball after it pitched well.
OUT, wicket for Bhuvi on his comeback. He continues with the strategy of keeping it wide of the batsman's reach. Slower offcutter too. He still goes after this length ball, lofting it towards wide long-off. Pandey runs to his right to complete the catch despite a wobble.
no run, bouncer at an off stump line. Ducks under it.
1 run, whipped straight to deep midwicket. Low full toss floated outside off, he gets low and drags this out to the fielder who takes a catch very close to the padding. They check it and he's alright.
1 run, yorker on middle, clipped away to deep squareleg for one.
1 run, flighted, outside off, and he punches this towards extra cover.
no run, scintillating straight drive, but a little too straight. Smashes into the stumps at the bowler's end.
1 run, steps out and works this quicker delivery on the pads to square leg.
1 run, low full toss, driven out to sweeper cover.
1 run, fuller around off, driven towards short midwicket where Uthappa misfields, he is not wearing mask anymore.
SIX runs, launches this over wide long off! The new bat is good! Got a slower ball in the slot outside off, he swung hard to get it high over wide long off and carry all the way.
1 run, on a length, extra bounce on this slower ball, punched down to mid-on for one.
1 run, length, and he punches this towards backward point.
no run, short of a length and climbing sharply in the corridor as he backs away and tries to cut this. Beaten.
1 run, gentle bunt into the off side for a quick single.
no run, good length on leg stump, and the batsman can't flick it towards the leg side. Hits his thigh pad, and he whimpers in pain. Mumbai Indians win by 46 runs.
FOUR runs, cut away beautifully! Drops short, he makes room and steers wide of short third man.
2 runs, touch short again, he makes room and punches this into the gap at deep cover.
1 run, short of length and pulled again towards fine leg, only a single this time.
no run, on a length, just outside off, angling in, punched to extra cover.
1 run, soft outside edge for a single straight of short third man.
1 run, the batsman ventures down the track and hits a shorter one down to long-off.
no run, superb short ball again, just outside off, the batsman gets out of the way.
1 run, fuller outside off, reaches out to steer it towards point for one.
2 runs, flicks a shortish delivery on off stump through midwicket and pinches two.
1 run, full toss on middle stump, and the batsman's leg-side push doesn't come off. Appeal for lbw by the bowler, but Erasmus thinks that was bat first. Yep, he's spot on.
FOUR runs, pulled in front of square, didn't get hold of it but there's still enough fizz to split the gap between deep square and wide long on.
no run, on a length, outside off, defended back to him.
FOUR runs, Watto too slow! Low full toss on leg stump, and the batsman manages to flick it to the fine-leg boundary.
1 run, back of a length on off, skidding in, and pulled behind to deep backward square.
2 runs, short of length around off, a short-arm pull towards the right of deep midwicket.
no run, a little short, and he plays the cut, using the pace on the ball, but it goes to point.
1 run, short on leg stump, pulled from waist height but there is a man at deep square. the batsman's wait for a boundary continues .
1 run, short on the hips, allows it one and dabs into the square leg region.
1 run, offbreak at 95km/h, the batsman nudging with the spin and square of midwicket for one more.
no run, good length and sliding into leg stump. Looks to to back away and punch through cover but finds extra.
1 wide, well he won't hit the winnings runs. Much like they have all innings, Royals hand it on a platter. A slower ball down leg side.
SIX runs, and Dhawan loves left-arm spin. Slog-sweeps the first ball, and goes well over deep midwicket for a six.
1 wide, shot ball outside off, Hardik is late on the pull and misses.
3 runs, mistimed hoick from way outside off towards deep midwicket. Short lost control of the ball as he turned to throw, and ended up kicking it towards long-on. Then, he had to run around to pick the ball and throw.
no run, nice work by short fine leg, Amit Mishra dives to his left to stop the ball. Short ball on leg stump, the batsman swivels to pull, but thanks to Mishra, gets no runs.
SIX runs, too short, vanishes over deep midwicket. Stayed firm and muscled this away. DK's a worried man already.
no run, height may have saved the batsman. This ball pitches at length on off and skids straight on. the batsman looks to play across the line, misses it and is struck on the flap of his right pad. It comes back as umpire's call.  On field not out stays.  Rod Tucker was the umpire in question.
FOUR runs, sumptuous! the batsman is up on his tippy-toes to thrash this rising delivery - on the up - through extra cover. There was just a hint of width on offer, and he's made the most of it.
1 run, OUT, slants it away from the batsman's off stump again - not a yorker this time but quite full again. Flat-batted down to long-off and they chance the second just to keep the batsman on strike. Mavi fails to collect the throw cleanly, but he still collects it in time to catch Kulkarni short of his crease.
OUT, taken at short fine leg. the batsman does well, initially, getting inside the line of a carrom ball. But it doesn't really bounce and he can't get under it like he wants. That means he can't get power into the scoop shot that he wants to play. Walks off angry at his mistake.
FOUR runs, short of a good length and just outside off. That is a decent length on most days, but today there is more time on such balls as we saw all of the first innings. Front foot pull, nailed over midwicket.
(no ball) SIX runs, a full toss on the stumps and the batsman has smashed it over deep square leg for a maximum. And the umpires have signalled it no-ball for height. A close call.
no run, full on off stump, steps out and drives inside-out to find extra cover.
no run, slower length ball on middle, bunted to point.
OUT, the umpire raised his finger super quickly there and the batsman has reviewed! I think he may have to go here. the batsman completely beaten by the fizz of this the bowler delivery, plays outside the line, big gap between bat and pad as well. It hit him on the flap of the pad but he was on the backfoot, so the ball didn't have much distance to travel. Hawkeye shows this would've clipped top of leg. So the decision stays and the batsman will have to walk back.
1 run, played to the man at deep square leg this time. On off, but angling into his pads. Billings in the deep.
1 run, short of a length and skidded across him. Mistimed pull to deep midwicket.
3 runs, in the air, stays there for like forever, and Binny can't get his hands to it at mid-on. He got in position nicely, mind you, but that took so long to come down Binny might as well have taken a power nap.  Goes reverse-cupped and the ball just about grazes the fingers before landing on the ground. the batsman gets lots of elevation but hardly much distance on this loft down the ground.
no run, fuller on the stumps defended towards point.
SIX runs, tossed up on off, and too easy for the batsman! One big step forward and then comfortably lifted over the bowler's head. Lands beyond the long-on boundary.
1 run, good length on middle, but sharp turn away from Dhawan. Flat-bats it to long off and completes his fifty!.
1 run, offcutter at a length on leg stump, flicked to deep square.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, pulled to deep square.
no run, pressed into the covers, on the front foot.
1 run, cuts it powerfully again, but this time it's more square and deep point runs to his left to field.
no run, short of a length, accurate, punched to straight extra cover. Three overs without a boundary now.
OUT, good length on off, and too close to his body for the pull. Comes off the bat's top half, and Narine's under it at short fine leg. Great death-overs bowling from the youngster.
no run, good length and just outside off, mistimed punch to extra cover.
no run, full on leg stump, the batsman taps it to midwicket.
no run, good length outside off, jabbed to backward point off the back foot.
1 run, tossed up and spins in, tickled away with the break wide of Dre Russ at short fine leg. He tests out his right hamstring.
SIX runs, slower ball outside off, but the batsman's been waiting for that length ball. Lines it up, gets his front leg away, and then slogs it over the long-on boundary. Fifty! Ninety-six metres.
no run, sharp turn after pitching on a good length, turns into him, and he looks to whip it away on the on side, but misses out.
1 run, bouncer at leg stump. Gets on top of the bounce nicely and drops it pitch side with soft hands.
no run, looks to hook this bouncer, but is beaten. Looks really high to me but not called a wide.
no run, that is plumb if there's no bat on it. Oddly enough though, it's the batsman who asks Rahul if there was bat on it. And then he reviews. How would the non-striker know? But the review might be a good one anyway there's a spike on Ultra Edge as ball goes past bat. It was a yorker that pinned him on the back toe in front of middle. He survives.
1 run, another yorker nailed. the batsman gets a single to cover.
1 run, back of a length on off, and this time the pull has been dragged to the sweeper fielder on the leg side. They jog across for the run.
2 runs, goes round the wicket to the batsman and angles it into the pads, tucked away through square leg.
no run, big swing inwards. Has Faf cramped. He was shaping to chop that down to third man.
FOUR runs, the batsman lines the bowler up. Shuffles across to get behind the line of this length ball and goes over mid-off. Even though he gets more height than distance, it is good enough to clear mid-off.
OUT, that is a run-out. the batsman dives desperately to make it back, but gets up and keeps walking. This is a slower ball by the bowler, short of a length, outside off, he pushes this towards cover and sets off. That is a poorly judged single because he has not waited for the ball to beat short cover. Jaiswal makes a diving save. the batsman is sent back. And Jaiswal hits the striker's end directly.
no run, back of a length and skids on outside off, the batsman goes with hard hands and nearly chops it back onto the stumps.
1 run, on a length, just outside off, runs this to short third for one more.
1 run, full and outside off, the batsman slices it to deep third man.
no run, fast, outside off, and keeps a bit low as it beats the batsman' outside edge.
no run, drilled straight to mid-off. Full at off, gets the front leg out of the way and creams it on the bounce.
2 runs, leading edge falls short of backward point and the bad bounce sneaks through him. Full and just outside off, looked for the straight drive but brought an angled bat down on that.
no run, under edge through to the keeper on the bounce. Short ball outside off, gets too close as he tries to cut.
no run, slower ball, it was a low full toss in the end but dipped audaciously late on the batsman, who picked it up pretty late, but luckily for him, presented a straight bat.
1 wide, slower ball, full on middle, and the batsman looks to nudge this fine down the leg side. But he can't get the contact.
no run, the batsman laves his crease, the bowler shortens his length. Another dot. Two overs without a boundary. the bowler bowling a great spell.
1 run, cuts back in to take a thick inside edge to short fine leg.
no run, good length and just outside off, walks down at him and taps into the covers.
SIX runs, short, and he has got this away towards long leg. Not off the middle, but good enough to carry over the fielder stationed at the fence there.
1 run, OUT, full and wide, dragged off the inside half to wide long-on. Another slower ball, Axar can't manufacture his own pace and he risks a second. He is late, and eventually dishes out a full-length dive. Binny throws it to the keeper, who takes the bails off. Is the bat on the line? Or is there some part behind the line? No conclusive evidence. Tight call for the TV umpire. Bardue rules Axar out. Excellent throw from Binny: right on top of the stumps.
1 run, length and at the stumps, punched to long-on.
no run, full and curves into the corridor at 145kph. the batsman beaten on the inside edge as he looks to loft in long-on's direction.
SIX runs, launched straight back over, this smashes into the sightscreen. Massive strike, right in his hitting arc. the batsman got the timing right this time. Can't bowl length. Held his shape superbly, held pose for the cameras later.
1 run, the bowler offers some width, the batsman slashes a single to the sweeper.
no run, edge onto body and dead before the keeper. Length ball outside off and he had a stab at that on the front foot.
FOUR runs, what a shot that is. He knows mid-on was up so he opened the bat face and checked the lofted drive over mid-on. Ab does not give up on the ball, runs back and almost gets there eventually. But the ball plonks one arm beyond him and trickled away.
no run, another cutter, 125 kph, the ball skews off the outside half of the bat to backward point.
1 run, good length and wide outside off, clears the front leg and looks to slap through cover on the up. Gets an under-edge into the turf and it's a good stop to the right from Buttler, diving to his right.
1 run, dabs between cover and point.
no run, flatter and shorter outside off, chopped away to point.
1 run, full and into the pads, gets forward and flicks to square leg's left.
no run, big full toss first up. Swinging in and about thigh height. the batsman wakes up at that alright! Defended down the pitch.
1 leg bye, another one that's hurried him, 143 kph, coming in from middle, and he tucks it off his thigh pad.
1 run, the batsman ventures outside leg, the bowler fires it at 103ks outside off, flat-batted to long-off.
1 run, full outside off, driven into the cover ring.
1 run, slower and fuller on off, turned towards mid-on for a quick single.
OUT, straight to short extra. Another punch at a ball that stops on him. This one is good length and outside off. He checks the attempted drive and can't do enough to stop this floating straight out at Pooran.
FOUR runs, class. Among the best set of wrists meet this short ball outside off. Slanting in at the batsman, and sliced neatly to third man's right.
no run, full and just outside off, looks like a carrom ball too. Driven off the toe-end to extra cover.
no run, googly, good length and in at off stump. Punched back to the bowler.
no run, length on leg stump, cops it on the pad as he looks to flick.
no run, sees the batsman looking to make room and follows him with a full ball. Driven to extra-cover.
FOUR runs, short, and he has got a hold of this, putting it beyond the reach of long leg. Uses the pace of the ball effectively.
1 run, outside edge to third man's right. Good length ball angled in from around the wicket, holds its line as he looks to defend.
no run, flatter on off, driven to extra cover.
1 run, short, and he goes back and slaps this one down the pitch. Takes a deflection off non-striker Mandeep and goes towards cover.
SIX runs, make it three times. Sing your redemption songs. the bowler pitches up, and he goes over wide long-off. Strike rate of 135 now. Game is on.
FOUR runs, length ball, but strays on to the pads, and he flicks this away with sheer timing. All the way past the backward square leg fielder for four. Great shot!.
2 runs, a wide carrom ball again, mis-hits the slog, but gets two just because of the mis-hit.
1 run, short ball, and he scoops this one towards square leg. It evades the man at square leg, and also doesn't carry to long leg. Good bowling again.
no run, outside edge doesn't carry to wide slip. Good length ball to start off, at an off stump line. Defends with soft hands, a tad inside the line.
SIX runs, tees off! Full on middle, and the batsman exposes all three stumps, before airlifting a straight drive over the bowler's head. Stand and deliver!.
1 run, length on middle, swung away along the ground to deep midwicket.
1 run, wrong'un first up, he goes back to punch this length ball down to long-on for one.
1 run, dropped by a diving KL Rahul down leg side. Another one goes down for KXIP, and another that wasn't necessarily difficult. Short ball down leg side. It sticks in the pitch a touch and QDK is through the hook early. Gets a glove on it. Rahul makes the ground but can't wrap the gloves around this. Seems in pain of some sort now as well.
1 run, punched down to long-off.
1 run, punched to midwicket where there's a misfield by a diving Dhawan, some hesitation as well but they complete the run.
1 run, wide of the crease, angling into the hips, tucked away to deep square leg.
no run, length at off stump, pushed into the off side off the outside half.
no run, proper bouncer this time, 143ks, and the batsman gets out of its line.
no run, good length on off, but much quicker (142 kph) this time. Rohit shuffles across to the off side and defends with soft hands.
FOUR runs, edged and through the gap between keeper and wide slip. That's an unusually wide slip, probably even wider of where second slip would have been. That means the batsman can take liberties at throwing his hands at deliveries that are well outside his reach.
no run, a length delivery down leg, the batsman swings across the line, off the thigh pad down to fine leg.
1 run, back of a length on middle stump, flicked off his pads to midwicket. Mistimed, but they'll still collect the single.
1 run, stays short of a length, outside off, cut away to deep point.
no run, slower ball, wide outside off and the batsman goes chasing after it again. Misses the shot this time though, and through to Pant on the bounce.
2 runs, full toss, booming drive through the covers by the batsman. Sweeper moves across to his left and they take him on for the second. Sran slips on the follow through and get behind the stumps to gather the throw as Dhoni comes rushing back.
1 run, down the track, the bowler floats it a little wider outside off. Driven to long-off.
SIX runs, whipped over square leg! These are poor lengths from Mumbai Indians over the last ten minutes. Good length and into the pads. Enough pace for Dube to wait and simply flick his wrists for the angle.
no run, skiddy bouncer, the batsman is late on the pull, toe-ends it to midwicket.
no run, slower ball, completely deceives him and he swings and misses.
1 run, on the stumps this time and the batsman kind of slog-sweeps it to leg.
1 run, steers this gently towards third man to get off the mark off his fourth delivery.
FOUR runs, short of a length, too wide, and Mann gets a thick edge on the cut to beat short third man.
2 runs, dropped short, a slower ball outside off. Pulls it over midwicket. Tewatia runs a long way to his left from deep square and puts in a dive to flick this back in.
1 run, back of a length outside off. He backs away and punches it square to the man in the deep.
SIX runs, steps out and sends it over the long-on boundary. Length on middle stump, got under it, didn't get all of it. But the swing was full and purposeful.
1 run, full, on the toes, clipped away to deep midwicket.
2 runs, down the track and Ishant tries to cramp him by bowling it full at his feet. Ends up as a low full-toss and the batsman chips it back over the bowler's head. Munro does well to field it, running hard to his left at the long-on boundary.
1 run, full and angling in towards off, jabbed too straight down the ground as it crashes into the stumps at the non-striker's end.
no run, fastish delivery at length outside off, the batsman mistimes this reverse sweep into the off side.
no run, Huge LBW shout, given not out. Kings XI review. the bowler thinks this is plumb. It was full on leg stump. the batsman has hit this. Huge deflection onto pad. Wasted review.
1 run, on a length, middle and leg, worked to leg for one.
no run, looks for the ramp to a straight length ball, and gets the edge onto his own helmet grille.
to Rahul, no run, full and wide, and he gets away with it as Rahul drives this straight to point.
no run, that's much tighter. A short of a length delivery around off, Suryakumar jabs it back to the bowler from the crease.
FOUR runs, length ball angling into off stump, and the batsman takes a big step across to whip it away wide of mid-on, in the air but there's no one in the infield at midwicket.
no run, fuller on the stumps, clipped off his toes to mid-on.
1 run, length at the stumps, clipped to short fine.
1 run, good length on middle, punched to long-on off the back foot.
FOUR runs, loses patience with those singles and changes the line, goes much fuller and much wider outside off. the batsman crashes a drive through cover for four.
1 run, full on middle, gets his bat down just in time and pushes it to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, nipping into him off a length, pacy one at 146 kph. Pushed past the bowler for a single.
1 run, full and just outside off, clears the front leg and gets a good hit at this cover drive. Can only find sweeper cover.
1 wide, drifts down leg, was there some pad or thigh pad on that? The umpire calls it a wide.
1 run, lovely footwork, getting both of em out of the way of a very full delivery on leg stump so he can unveil a full swing of the bat and sends the ball to long-on.
2 runs, top-edges a sweep over Careys' head. Comes back for what looks like a regulation two but he has to get the skates on in the end.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off, and he glances a late-cut down to third man. Enough time to walk across for one.
1 run, full, outside off, pushed to mid-off for one.
no run, full on off stump, poked back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, at long last, a boundary. After more than 11 overs. A slower short ball at middle stump, sits up nicely for him and he gets half on the front foot and pulls to the square leg boundary.
1 run, short and wide, the carrom ball, cut away to long-off. Think the batsman is just struggling a touch for timing.
1 run, good length and rising up at middle stump. He's off his feet trying to flick this, cops it on the thigh.
1 run, back of a length, wide outside off, and he tiptoes to cut through to deep point. the batsman keeps the strike.
1 run, tossed up full outside off, out to the pitch of that before driving to long-off.
OUT, run-out! Gayle is walking off! Oh KXIP, how, time and again, do you make it so complex for yourselves? This is lovely bowling from the bowler, offering no pace on it and landing it short of a length outside off. the batsman punches it to cover and takes off instinctively. Gayle is not the man to complete that single at this point in his career. It's a clean pick up, it's a one-bounce throw, and it's a new batsman on strike for the last ball.
SIX runs, length, and he has picked this up, and deposited it some 12 rows back over long on!.
1 run, yorker outside off, squirted to point.
1 run, flighted on middle stump, and comfortably driven past the non-striker to mid off.
no run, full outside off, driven to cover.
1 run, slower full ball on off, 123.2 kmph, driven down to long-on.
no run, slow and short again. On the fourth-stump line, and DK misses the pull shot. The ball, once again, goes over his blade and through to Rahul on the bounce.
2 runs, picks the slower ball, holds his shape, waits until it is in his hitting arc outside off and cuts it away, nearly to the boundary at point. Some good work from Stoinis keeps it to two.
1 run, length on off, driven with the turn to long-off.
1 run, slower on middle, the batsman shuffles and turns it around towards deep midwicket.
no run, good length and at off stump, defended into the covers off the back foot.
1 run, length ball, straightening towards off stump, wristy drive to the left of long-off.
2 runs, drives again for the inswinger on the off stump, but an inside edge gives him to two square leg.
2 runs, shuffles across, meets the offcutter outside off and clips to long-on.
no run, good length at off stump, watchfully defended on the front foot.
2 runs, on a length, angling in, uses soft hands, places this to the left of deep midwicket for two.
1 run, good length and just outside off. Waits on that and punches to long-on's left.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. the bowler goes short of a length to deny him the drive, but he is on his toes to punch this on the up, between mid-off and extra cover.
FOUR runs, length on the pads, no spin with the new ball and the batsman picks it over midwicket with the angle.
1 run, yorker on off, squeezes it out to the off side and they come through for a single to finish a pretty sedate Powerplay.
no run, pushes this into the covers.
no run, googly, short of good length just outside off. Punched towards long-on off the back foot.
1 run, flicks a length ball wide of long on and picks up an easily-walked single.
FOUR runs, welcomed with a four! Full, on Kishan's toes, and he clears his front leg before hammering a shot over mid on.
1 wide, slower one gone wrong, full but way too wide outside off.
1 run, muscles this pull down the ground. Was a length ball outside off. Long on cleans up.
FOUR runs, short, and he has hit this hard through midwicket.
no run, past the edge. Length ball in the corridor, goes on with the angle. Skids quickly and Faf is beaten on the late cut.
no run, in the slot, and he slogs this towards midwicket. Manish Pandey makes a good stop.
2 runs, yorker outside off, can't get under this for the slog. It dribbles wide of long-on who puts in a good throw on the bounce, but the bowler can't collect this one-handed to effect the run out. Bravo would have been short.
1 run, short, wide and he cuts this, but there's deep backward point in place for the batsman.
1 wide, slips this short and outside the wide line, the batsman leaves.
no run, nice and tight on middle, the batsman works it off his knees to midwicket.
1 wide, starts with a tight line, and it swings further down the leg side.
no run, he tries to sweep across the line, takes it on the pad and the appeal is turned down. Probably going down leg.
SIX runs, helped over the fine leg boundary! If there ever was a shot to sum up a batsman, it's this half-pull, half-ramp from the batsman. Quick, short and at his hips. Barely does more than bring his bat from underneath that and lift it with the angle.
1 run, slower ball, good length at 105.kph. Hard hands on the push and a thick inside edge to deep square's right.
1 run, full outside off, drilled down to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, yikes, that's an ugly flat-batted mow through midwicket. A slow, shortish delivery outside off is slapped wide of midwicket.
no run, short on middle stump, but the batsman misses the cut. He came down the wicket again, but was too close to his body for the shot. Taken by the keeper from near his head.
1 run, shapes to drive, gets a thick inside edge past midwicket.
1 run, slower length ball on off and middle, driven gently down to long-off.
1 wide, full and sliding down the leg side, the batsman falls over the flick, leg-side wide.
no run, full on middle stump, walks at that and drives to mid-on.
1 run, yorker length outside off, sliced off the toe-end to sweeper cover.
2 runs, flicked off the pads in the gap at square leg for two.
1 run, slower short ball on off, the batsman delays his pull and hits it to deep square leg.
1 run, fullish, spins in from outside off, flicked away to long-on.
1 run, short and wide this time, the batsman slaps it hard but cannot beat the man at sweeper cover.
no run, length outside off, looks to chop on the rise, can't beat Hetmyer's leap at backward point.
1 run, pushed down to long-on.
SIX runs, he's hit this into his hometown Moradabad! Remember the shot! Full and angling in full, the batsman had decided he'll heave this come hell or high water, got enough bat on it. Wild hit, way over deep midwicket.
no run, flat length ball angling into off stump, blocked back to the bowler.
SIX runs, half-tracker on leg stump, feeds the batsman's strength again. the batsman drops down to one knee and smokes a slog-sweep over square leg. Raina stands up and applauds from the dug out. the batsman raises a 25-ball fifty.
1 run, slower length ball that he punches down to long on.
2 runs, short, and he waits on this and flicks it away towards deep midwicket. They come through for two again, though the return had de Villiers scrambling. It would have been closer, had the throw at the non-striker's end been closer to the bowler.
OUT, bowled him! The perfect yorker to complete a perfect defence of what looked like a below-par score but has proved to be more than enough as the Capitals stretch their winning streak to three and SRH go down for the third time in succession.
no run, angles this full delivery into middle and leg, the batsman works this gently towards midwicket.
no run, hustled for pace. This cut back in from length to beat the inside edge and hit him high on the thigh pad. There was a stifled appeal but this was going over.
FOUR runs, full on middle stump, and the batsman gets down on one knee to lift it over cover. But, it's been sliced, and over point. No one in the deep there.
1 leg bye, length ball on middle, but angling into the batsman's body. Hits his thigh-guard and dribbles away to short fine leg.
1 run, length around off, the batsman comes forward and turns it towards square leg.
1 run, full and into leg stump, pushed down to long-on with soft hands.
no run, good length and spun into the stumps, pushed to extra cover off the back foot.
1 run, good length at leg stump, whipped to deep square off the back foot.
1 run, short and wide, and some turn away again, cut away to deep point.
2 runs, slower ball, full outside off, and the batsman drags a slogged shot to deep midwicket. No real timing there, but that's what allows him to come back for the second run.
OUT, the batsman has holed out third ball. That's a poor shot from the batsman. Takes no time to suss out the offspinner and simply swipes. the bowler flattens his trajectory and slides this into middle and leg. the batsman expects it to come on with the arm but the ball straightens and as a result finds the outside of the bat as he looks to slog and lobs to midwicket.
1 run, looks to work this length ball to leg, but gets a leading edge over cover for one.
no run, good length on the pads, and he's flicked it to deep square but declines the single.
1 wide, fires this full and just outside the wide line. Rohit left this, quite a brave call.
no run, touch closer to off stump, DK waits and then guides it to short third man.
1 run, another yorker. Nails it. He cue-ends it for another single.
1 run, good length on leg stump, and tapped off his pads to midwicket. Gets off the mark.
no run, shorter length, he tries to cut and gets a bottom edge that bounces to slip.
1 run, attempted back-cut, can't get it off the square but they scamper the single, the bowler has been effective tonight.
nan
no run, back of a length on off, 136 kph. the batsman blocks back.
OUT, goes slow again and gets him out by a long, long way. That's more like the the bowler this season. Gets it to dip and spin a long way away from just short of a length. the batsman is down the pitch and swatting all around this. Runs straight off, doesn't even bother trying to get back.
1 run, length on middle stump, driven on the up, off the toe-end, to mid-on.
1 run, short and wide outside off, backs away and cuts to sweeper cover.
1 run, on a length, outside off, pushed wide of mid-off for one.
no run, fuller and wider outside off, the batsman was looking to back away and in the end can only watch it go through.
no run, good length outside off, but spinning away from him. Opens his bat's face and turns it down to third man.
1 run, the batsman lunges out at a full one, outside off, and drives to long off. He made sure to get forward.
no run, length, outside off, moving away, and the batsman misses out on an attempted thumping drive again.
1 run, good length outside off, and the batsman goes deep inside the crease. Taps it towards mid on for a walking single.
FOUR runs, edged wide of Gayle at slip. Another wrong'un, quite quick, Pandya looks to cut again, gets a healthy edge too wide of Gayle.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, gives himself room again and cuts it past cover.
no run, fuller that time on the stumps, pushed back to towards the bowler.
FOUR runs, fuller and wider outside off this time, the batsman throws his hands at it, gets a thick outside edge between the keeper and the short third man.
1 run, slow, full, straight, just a single to long-on.
1 wide, short and down leg side as the batsman runs down the pitch at him.
no run, dropped! Length outside off, hammered flat and hard to mid-off's right, where Pollard flies full length, nearly had it but it popped out as his elbows hit the turf.
1 run, nice flight and drift, he covers it and drives this to long-on for one.
1 run, full on the pads, driven to long-on.
OUT, straight to midwicket. These are the kind of wickets you don't want to be giving away against an attack like the Sunrisers. A short of a length delivery, slower one that stops on him - it's the knuckle ball - and messes up his timing as he pulls off the lower part of the bat straight to the fielder.
1 run, touch fuller and straight, angled in at off stump, nudged into midwicket.
1 run, shortish outside off, uses his wrists to play a bottom-handed pull-whip to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, pushed wide of cover for one.
1 run, pushes a length ball towards extra cover.
no run, stump-high full-toss on off stump. Was looking for the yorker but missed his length. Still a hard ball to deal with at the bowler's pace, and all the batsman can do is jab it back to the bowler.
1 run, that was in the slot, right in the slot. Full on off, the batsman cleared his front leg too and slogged to long-on.
no run, yorker on off stump, and the batsman swings across the line. He misses, and the ball whizzes past the outside of off stump.
FOUR runs, full toss, on the pads, and Dhawan goes down on a knee to sweep this to the right of deep backward square leg.
no run, good length on middle, pushed back to the bowler.
no run, Dhawan makes room early, the bowler watches the feet closely, and he flights this well outside off to beat him.
1 run, yorker on off stump. Digs it out into the cover region and steals the single.
1 run, looped out outside off, he tucks it with the turn forward of square for one.
2 runs, yorker again on leg, he's back and pushes this to the circle at midwicket and they run really well for two.
SIX runs, shot. the bowler looks for the off-stump yorker this time and doesn't miss his length by much. But the batsman takes a big step back into his crease to create some swinging room, and simply lifts it over mid-off.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and he opens the bat's face to run this down to third man again.
FOUR runs, slashed through the covers. Too short from the bowler. And a bit of width. Weight onto the back foot and quick hands to hit well in front of square.
no run, bouncer, just outside off. Almost waited on the back foot before attempting the hook, but he's beaten.
no run, slower ball, short of a length, wide, cut away, but straight to point.
FOUR runs, slower length ball, Rohit holds his shape and plays the dab really late to bisect backward point and short third man.
FOUR runs, wide low full toss, the batsman is on a knee and drives with an open face over point. Missing quite a few yorkers, and it is understandable with the dew around.
1 run, OUT, full toss, cramps him up, and I like that they have risked the second even though this has been hit to long-on. The throw comes in right on top of the wicket, and Yadav is run out by inches.
2 runs, short and into the stomach. Waits on it and swipes with the angle to deep square's right. He was waiting on the back foot for this.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, punched to long-off.
no run, googly, he's back and mistiming a cut to point.
OUT, taken down leg side. Looks like a slower bouncer down leg side. Looks for the pull and is through it too soon. Seems like he only got a glove on that in the end and AB moved nicely to his right to take it.
1 run, 95 kph, flat and quick on middle and leg, pulled to deep midwicket.
1 run, gentle bunt behind point as they scamper a run.
no run, nicely held back, the batsman gets a long way forward and defends.
no run, hit high on the pad, but this pitched miles outside leg.
1 run, a length offcutter outside off, punched to the sweeper cover for one.
2 runs, slower ball, and a length delivery on leg stump. the batsman shuffles across to the off side, and nudges it off his hips to deep midwicket.
1 run, looks for the reverse-hit, gives up his cards early, and Bishno pitches this well outside what would have been his leg stump. Just the single to what would have been his long-off.
FOUR runs, and finally Rohit gets a move too. Got some catching up to do with the rest of his mates, the Mumbai captain. On this occasion, he makes use of the bowler's angle as he bangs one into the batsman and Rohit swivels and helps it along to the fine leg boundary.
OUT, didn't matter after all! Length on off, the batsman stays back as it hurries on to him and rushes through between bat and pad to crash into the stumps.
1 run, back over the wicket now, and a slower ball on the pads is sent to long leg.
2 runs, full slower ball on the pads, waits on it and flicks to midwicket's right.
1 run, slower ball, coming in with the angle on a good length. Inside edge onto the front pad as he shapes to poke that into the covers.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. Down the track and converts this to a half volley, similar shot to last ball but placed a little straighter and finds the midwicket boundary.
1 run, low full toss, on off, driven to long-off for one.
no run, good length on leg stump, and seam movement for the bowler. Angling across the batsman, and he defends it with soft hands off the back foot.
no run, full delivery outside off, a massive swing and miss from the batsman.
no run, a carrom ball around off, comes forward and pushes it down the wicket.
no run, wants the single, but is sent back. Rinku swoops in from point and stops.
1 run, and he's off the mark straight away with a gentle push wide of long on. Shreyas wants two, but Munro says no.
1 run, off the mark via a misfield. Back of a length on middle and leg, swivel-pulled away towards square leg. Gowtham can't field cleanly, allowing the first run of the night.
FOUR runs, terrific shot, the batsman picks a slightly slower one - 124kph - it's full outside off, drives over the off side.
1 run, back of a length outside off, 134 kph, guided down to third man for one.
FOUR runs, the batsman is stepping it up here. Shuffles across early, then backs away, takes a full ball and goes inside-out, wide of mid-off.
SIX runs, follows it up with a massive six! Predicted it could be shorter, picked the googly and launched it over deep midwicket.
no run, shorter and outside off, jabbed straight to point.
FOUR runs, nearly a sensational catch by Sharma. Mann looks to ramp this, the bowler goes across him, he gets a top edge, and Sandeep chases this back from short third man. Somehow manages to get a hand to it but these are so difficult to take over your shoulder.
1 run, eased with the spin to long-off to get off the mark.
FOUR runs, good length on middle stump, brings out the conventional sweep this time. Flat and to deep midwicket's left.
1 wide, bouncer, but too short and too high over the batsman. wide.
1 run, slaps this slower delivery to long-off.
OUT, yorker on leg stump! the batsman shuffled across to the off side to try and clip it off his toes, but misses. Tried to take advantage of short fine-leg being inside the circle, but Hardik went wicket-to-wicket.
1 run, length delivery this time on the stumps, he works it wide of mid-on in the gap.
no run, full, on off, and tapped back to the bowler.
1 run, length around off, gets beaten in the flight but waits on the front foot and opens the face to guide it towards point.
2 runs, Yusuf Pathan drops a simple chance. Short of length outside off, the batsman looks to go for the upper cut, but ends up hitting it high than long. Yusuf comes in from sweeper cover, settles under it, but spills in the end.
1 run, full on leg stump, and the batsman's forced to wait for the ball to get to him. It's the slower one, and he flicks it off his toes to deep backward square.
1 run, speared into the pads to protect another over. Just the single into the leg side.
2 runs, length on middle, the batsman swings too early this time but an inside edge towards fine-leg earns him another couple.
no run, beats him all ends up! This is the off-pace legcutter, pitching on the in-between length, not full enough to drive or short enough to pull. the batsman looks to flick, playing according to the angle of the ball, but it grips the pitch and darts away to the keeper. Also: it makes the batsman lose his balance. When was the last time that happened?.
FOUR runs, another slower ball wide outside off. the batsman's in position to lean into that shot, and times it extremely well past cover. Silences the Kolkata crowd again.
1 run, fullish length, driven to mid-on.
2 runs, slower ball, on a length, and even though the bowler has drawn a mis-hit from the batsman, he has done enough to clear mid-on with this swipe.
2 runs, good length on off, and slightly turning away from Stokes. He punches it towards wide long on, and pushes the batsman to complete the second.
FOUR runs, whipped! Overpitched on the legs and he stands tall and picks the midwicket boundary with no fuss.
1 wide, slower ball gone wrong. Too wide outside off.
1 run, another brave run! Faf pings mid off perfectly with his drive, but he was always going to run and he's quick enough to have his bat grounded inside the line by the time the shy swerves past the stumps. It was Shreyas with the throw.
1 run, another heave to leg, but this time bat meets ball and they take a single off the bottom edge.
SIX runs, length ball on off stump, and the batsman, staying leg-side of the ball, lofts it high and clean over extra-cover.
1 run, full on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, back of a length, slanting away with steep bounce outside off, left alone.
2 runs, swivel-pull but just about clears wide mid-on. Expensive, expensive over. the batsman didn't get hold of this pull as well as he would've liked.
1 run, full outside off, and driven down the ground to long on. It's mistimed from Hardik.
SIX runs, a short delivery down leg and the batsman smashes that for SIX. That's the worst ball you can bowl. Short and slow down leg and the batsman just helps it along over short fine leg for six. WOW. Mumbai still in this.
no run, length ball, goes straight on back to him, and he defends.
1 run, looks to make room, the bowler follows him, and he drives it to deep cover for one.
no run, length ball around off, keeps a bit low, the batsman gets his bat down in time to tap it in front of square, the batsman wanted the run but Rayudu is ball watching in the middle of the pitch, a direct hit and Rayudu would have been out.
FOUR runs, edge flies past the keeper. Short outside off, he's shuffles and is cramped on the cut. Just chucks the hands at it in the end and has his reward. Three balls and three different lengths from the bowler so far, none of them have been yorkers.
no run, beaten. Short of a length across the corridor, looks to play the late cut, beaten.
1 run, slower and fuller on middle, punched wide of mid-off for a quick single.
1 run, pushes a length ball towards deep midwicket.
2 runs, quicker one on middle, pushed towards long-on with soft hands and the size of the outfield means they can complete two there.
FOUR runs, short and wide outside off, reaches out and slaps it on the up to extra cover's left.
1 run, shimmy down the track and flicked off his toes to wide long-on.
1 run, down the track, but Hardik bowled that well wide of off, and de Villiers wanted to flay it through the offside but ends up under-edging to long-on. His timing's been very un-the batsman like this innings so far.
no run, back of a length and spins in on off, punched back to the bowler.
no run, fuller, almost in the blockhole on off and middle, digs it out towards extra cover.
1 run, flat length ball on off stump, comes forward to push to the right of backward point for the quick single. Flat throw into the keeper's gloves makes Jadhav hurry, but he makes it well in time.
1 run, a slower delivery, 117 kph, worked away to deep square leg for one.
1 run, short and outside off, punched up to cover. A direct hit could have had Dhawan at the non-striker's end.
1 run, full and just outside off, mistimed slog along the floor to long-on.
1 run, back of a length, clubbed through the line down to long-on where Stokes is very swift.
SIX runs, stunning! Did someone say he's a nudger of the ball? This is a lovely stroke, pure cricketing stroke. Backed away, got to the pitch of the ball and lofted it cleanly over mid-off. Sailed over the ropes. Don't think he realised how well he hit it until it landed over the ropes.
FOUR runs, HIIIIIIIIGH AGAIN AND IT'S A BOUNDARY AGAIN! Somebody get the batsman's bat and put it through every science experiment ever! He pulls the back of a lengt hball. Mishits it big time. The ball hangs in the air, so long that the keeper himself has time to run back all the way to the fine leg fence, but he can't keep it in.
FOUR runs, length ball, mid-on up, and the batsman picks his spot. Not the cleanest hit, but manages to clear mid-on.
1 run, flat, back of a length outside off, waits on it and chops it through backward point.
1 run, good length on off stump, leans in and punches uppishly to long-off.
OUT, the persistence with pace pays off, the batsman miscues it to backward point! the batsman strayed from his stumps again and Umesh pitched it up with some swing towards his legs, the batsman flicked but mistimed it horrible and the edge went the other way, easy peasy for Mandeep.
no run, he ventures wide of the crease, good length and holds its line outside off, no shot.
FOUR runs, only a matter of time before the batsman steps out. His favourite release shot - a jump down the pitch to lift this length ball over mid-off from outside off stump. the bowler slides on nicely for such a shot.
1 wide, full and wide outside off from around the stumps, the batsman swings and misses.
SIX runs, backs away and Moeen follows him with a shortish delivery. The angle only helps the batsman as he swivels and mows a pull over deep midwicket.
1 run, length on the pads, tucked away towards squareleg.
no run, full outside off, driven along the floor to extra cover.
1 run, good length outside off, pushed into the off side with soft hands.
FOUR runs, half-tracker on middle, and Rohit rocks back to pull off the back foot. Mistimed to the leg side, but in the gap between deep midwicket and deep backward square. Ball dribbles into the fence.
1 run, good length outside off, shuffles and looks to sweep. Cops it on the front thigh.
FOUR runs, this is some tripe! No control from the bowler, he's spraying it all around. This one's a full toss around off and the batsman punches it through the covers with ease.
no run, goes short and across the left-hander and the batsman's attempt to ramp it over third man doesn't quite work.
1 run, pitched up and the batsman uses his wrists to whip it to long on.
1 run, slower delivery down leg, eased to fine leg.
SIX runs, dragged away to deep midwicket! Sublime from the batsman. Length ball on off, angling into the batsman's body, and he whips this off his hips to deposit the ball into the stands. Take that, the bowler. A strike-rate of 260 for the batsman.
FOUR runs, nicely done. Length and in at off. Front foot across off stump and nicely picked up over the bowler, on the up.
1 run, another slower ball outside off, 116.7ks, the batsman spots the change-up and runs it down to third man.
1 run, good length and turning away outside off. the batsman is squared a touch as he drops this into the covers with soft hands.
no run, yorker, on off, dug out to mid-on.
OUT, chips the next one straight to mid-off. the bowler with the Heavy BallTM  in the corridor again. the batsman looking to jab at it well in front of the body, can only chip it harmlessly over the bowler. 4 for 8 for the bowler. Kings XI's season closing rapidly .
1 run, flight again, but it's pitched right up and at the batsman's feet. Clipped through forward square leg.
1 run, whips this length ball from outside off towards deep midwicket.
no run, short and wide outside off, cut to cover.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched to deep point.
1 run, good length and into the stumps, flicked to deep square's left.
1 run, falls just short of long off! Fast and flat outside off, and the batsman crunches it down the ground. Was in the air for a bit. Pandey the man there.
no run, full down leg, the batsman walks right across and misses a swing. Good non-call, not a wide.
no run, some turn, and it stops at him too. Pushed to straight cover. It is gripping. Kohli's use of his spinners becomes more and more questionable.
no run, slower ball? Yes it is. At 123ks. On a length, on off, the batsman has to defend.
1 run, sounds like a dropped catch. Short and just outside off, backs away to cut, but that's impossible to catch. Thick outside edge that takes Samson's left bicep and deflects to short third.
1 run, good length outside off, steered to third man and that's fifty for the batsman.
no run, shorter and sliding away outside off, jabbed to the covers off the back foot.
OUT, goes for the slog sweep, the idea was good as it was a googly but doesn't get the timing right and Harbhajan takes a neat catch pedalling backward at deep square leg.
nan
no run, beaten. Seams to have seamed away after pitching on a length, on middle and leg. the batsman pushes without conviction, and fails to make connection.
no run, length outside off, pushed to point.
1 run, angles one into the pads, and he flicks it away towards long leg.
1 run, full outside off, and driven with the bat's open face to the man in the deep.
FOUR runs, short again but it's still outside off and the batsman does well to ramp it with minimal movement of the body. Just raises his arms at the last moment and gets four.
no run, touch fuller and just outside off, defended from the crease.
1 run, good length and sliding on outside off. Looks for the slog sweep, thick inside edge to short fine.
no run, good length on off, and going straight through this time. Punched off the back foot to the bowler.
SIX runs, gives him a world of room by floating it up outside off, and it spins in from a length, giving him more leverage on the shot as he swings it over wide long-on for a big six.
no run, full on middle, and nudged off his pads to the leg side. Pouched by midwicket though.
no run, full on middle, checks his shot and pushes it to mid-on.
no run, full on leg stump, reverse sweep straight to point.
1 run, this one drifts in, keeps a touch low as well. the batsman punches this to deep midwicket to bring up his second half-century.
1 run, length on middle, pushed to long-on.
FOUR runs, make that a hat-trick of boundaries, and this is the best of the lot though this was overpitched and outside off. the batsman presses forward and eases a drive straight of mid-off.
no run, that's the better line. Some sarcastic cheers ring around the Eden Gardens. Flat and straight, blocked.
1 run, dug it into the pitch short outside off, doesn't come on to the bat, he stays in his crease and slaps it to extra cover.
no run, length ball on leg stump, and turning into his pads. Tapped towards the non-striker.
OUT, can't clear long on! Slower ball, full outside off, and Parthiv goes for the slog. Doesn't pick the change of pace, and he toe-ends the shot. In the air for quite a while, but Rahane keeps calm.
1 run, shuffles inside the line of a length, ball, gets a single to deep square leg.
1 run, good length delivery outside off, moving in, chopped to point for a run.
1 run, length around off, throws his bat at it, only a single to deep extra cover.
1 run, slower ball, back of a length and outside off, hard-to-hit length, hauled away to wide long-on.
no run, full ball that drifts in to hit the pad as he looks to work this gently into the leg side.
1 run, oh man, this bouncer is so slow it has come back down after reaching twice the batsman;s height, all that before crossing the wicket. So he has no choice but to pull it. Brings up the fifty.
no run, length outside off, steps out and looks to drive straight. Comes off the toe-end, back down the pitch.
no run, on a length, just outside off, defended with an open face.
1 run, slower short ball just outside off, steers it down to third man.
1 run, good length and cramped at middle and off. Hurriedly stabs to mid-on.
1 run, slower short ball, pulled down to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, full on off, the batsman makes room and pushes it to cover's left for a quick single.
1 run, attempts the paddle, but this comes off the bat's top edge. Falls over DK's head.
no run, wide low full toss, driven with an open face, but a diving save at point denies them runs.
SIX runs, just eludes Archer at deep square! He was some way in, this pull wasn't all that well timed. Hung in the air for a long, long time. Jofra was out of position and was running backwards. Had he been right on the ropes, this would've been much easier.
1 run, short ball to the batsman now, he pulls but gets an inside edge onto his right shoulder. Takes the blow and a single.
no run, pitched up and the batsman drives but straight to extra cover.
1 run, fuller on leg, he sweeps hard to deep backward square.
no run, massive slower ball, 108ks, dipping full toss, outside off. Does him in completely.
1 run, length and just outside off. Dropped to point's left off the inside half.
no run, good bouncer. Just under his left eye and he gets the head into the off side to let that go.
no run, short and turning in, the batsman misses a flick, struck on the pad.
1 run, sweeps this from around leg, gets a single to deep square leg.
OUT, he's picked out Rashid at deep midwicket! Oh, dear. Surely that's the end of KKR's hopes? This was hit well, but he got more elevation than distance. Swirling in the air, Rashid came in from the ropes and then took it well with his palms facing upwards. the bowler's decision of going around the stumps to cramp the batsmen for room has worked so far. Is that the final nail in KKR's coffin?.
1 run, on the back foot, pushed out to cover.
1 run, angling into him on a length, he goes back and punches this to the bowler's right.
FOUR runs, full toss on middle, de Villiers gets down on one knee to sweep it away, and gets a massive edge onto his pad that saves him.
1 run, the batsman moves across early, the bowler goes short and wide, and it sits in the surface. Hit down to long-off for one.
1 run, googly spinning in, cut to point's right and they take a quick single.
1 run, opens the face and glides the short of a length ball outside off to deep third man.
1 run, almost yorker length but the slower ball at 123 kph and the batsman is early into his push, mis-times it to mid-off. No pace on the ball allows a quick single.
3 wide, length ball, on leg, and turning into his body. Tries to nudge it fine down the leg side, but misses. The keeper misses too, so they run across for a couple. Incorrect call from the umpire though, since it grazed his thigh guard. Extra ball needs to be bowled.
no run, back of a length from around the wicket, dabbed away towards backward point.
no run, good length ball sliding in towards off stump. Hurriedly chopped to cover point.
no run, short again! And the keeper appeals for caught behind. the bowler isn't convinced though. It was on leg stump, and the batsman was cramped to play that pull. Goes over his gloves. The appeal, however, may have saved KKR from getting that wide.
1 run, full at off stump, looks to drive on the rise and gets it off the thick inside edge to mid-on.
1 run, good length and turning in at off stump. Gets forward and pushes to extra cover's left.
no run, lovely delivery. Pitches on a length, on off, nips back in, hits him on the pad, but the umpire rules it is doing too much. And rightly so.
no run, full, drifts in towards off and spins away, defended off the back foot.
SIX runs, full and in the slot, Hardik hammers it flat and hard over the bowler's head for six.
1 run, it's another low full toss outside off, hammered away to long-off. Just one.
1 run, slower short ball at the body, mistimed pull down to long-on.
no run, slower ball, nearly a yorker, the batsman plays it back to him.
1 wide, angles across him, and goes too wide again. Cheeky smile from the bowler, because that wasn't too far from the tramlines.
FOUR runs, delicate little dab, races past short third man. Welcome boundary. Not sure he intended to play it that fine but he'll take the runs.
no run, slower ball, back of a length and angling away from off stump. Not too much room for the cut, and he slashes and misses.
1 run, good length at middle stump, punched off the front foot to long-off.
1 run, much better. A yorker outside off, jammed to long-on for one.
no run, full on middle, but turns sharply into his pads. KW can't get bat to ball, and it hits his pads. Impact on leg stump, but would've gone down the leg side.
SIX runs, length ball, and he has slog-swept this, into the stands over midwicket. May have been the wrong 'un again, but bowled it too close to the batsman's arc.
no run, short and width outside off, Faf crunches it into the ground, bounces over to cover-point.
no run, full at middle stump, pushed into the leg side off the front foot.
1 run, short, straightening at off again, backs away and punches to sweeper cover.
1 run, slower ball, angles across him, and he drives this towards mid on. A bit to the right of the fielder there, and that allows them to get through for a single.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, punched to sweeper cover off the back foot.
no run, trapped in the crease trying to flick with the angle. Half an appeal from the bowler who banged this in at a good length. Struck him on the thigh guard.
1 run, back of length outside off, looks to punch it through covers, the ball hits the inner half and rolls towards mid-on.
no run, pitched up on middle, check-pushes to mid-off.
SIX runs, carted over midwicket! Whew, that looked sweet! Short and just outside off, stands tall and pulls off the front foot. Flat and clears the boundary with ease.
OUT, sliced and mid-off takes it. Warner himself, and he is ecstatic. Slammed in short of a length at a middle stump line. Looks for the pull but this has stayed a touch low. It's a feeble slice in the end. Warner with a loud call and that is another failure for the batsman against bowling that isn't good length or fuller.
1 run, is the dew getting heavier? Another low full toss from the bowler - I'm guessing he's trying for yorkers, but not nailing them - but the batsman isn't able to swat it away with timing or power, to midwicket.
1 run, slower ball, and short outside off. Bhuvi tries to pull, but it's too wide for him to drag it square. Takes the bat's toe end, and goes down the ground instead.
FOUR runs, full just outside off, and it's the one that's spinning away. the batsman's quick to pick that, and drives it beautifully after getting to the pitch of the ball. Long off can't cut it off either.
2 runs, low full toss on middle stump, clipped expertly between deep midwicket and long-on.
FOUR runs, shot! Superb! Wide length ball outside off and the batsman, a specialist opener, has carved this old ball past backward point to find the boundary.
no run, good length on middle stump, flicked to midwicket.
1 wide, pace like fiyah. And a poor wide call. Short of a length, 148ks, around off, nips back in, the batsman does well to save himself from being hit. Goes under the armpit. Called wide.
1 wide, slower ball, full and very wide. Left alone.
3 runs, the batsman backs away outside leg, the bowler targets his head with a lifter, the batsman splices it over mid-on. Stokes tears back from mid-on, gets into a side-on position, slides to his left, and hauls the ball back into play. Great work from Stokes.
1 run, good length and sliding on to middle stump. Driven to long-on with the angle.
no run, down the leg side, but it seems to have hit the pad on the way through.
1 run, on a length, angling in, no turn, worked to leg.
FOUR runs, Long off asks long on to field it, and long on asks long off to collect! It was a low full toss on middle stump, that the batsman hit over the bowler's head. Both pull out off the dive and they can't believe it's gone for four. Boult and Roy the guilty men.
1 run, a googly, short and wide, slashed to deep point for one.
1 run, pretty full on middle, tapped down to mid-on for one more.
no run, dropped at extra cover! Length ball at off stump, steps out, gets to the pitch and goes inside-out. Hits straight to Iyer who crouches and hurriedly grabs from under this.
FOUR runs, full, just outside off, and he creams a front-foot push through the covers! 148kph? No problem!.
FOUR runs, length outside off, the batsman backs away and slashes it past point for another boundary. That's his area square of the wicket on the off side.
1 run, another full toss, hit hard into the pitch, and it bounces over the bowler for a single to long-on.
1 run, length on the pads, tucked away to short fine-leg's right for a single.
FOUR runs, another great effort from Faf, but this time he can't stop it. Down the track jumps Ishant, and he gets close to the pitch and swats it hard and flat, back over the bowler's head, and Faf, throwing himself to his left on the long-on boundary, can't quite pull it back.
2 runs, short of a length, angling in, tucked away between square leg and midwicket.
1 run, uses the pace to run this down to third man.
2 runs, length on middle, he rocks back, uses the depth of the crease before using his wrists to turn it around with the spin towards fine-leg for two.
no run, length ball pitching on leg but angling into middle stump. Tapped off the front foot to the on-side.
4 byes, sharp bouncer, aimed at the helmet, but it keeps flying as it goes past him. Goes for four byes.
2 runs, full and following him down leg side. Miscued slog bounces out to deep midwicket's right.
1 run, slightly short of length outside off, stroked to deep cover.
1 run, slower ball, full outside off. Gets low to try and scoop this. Deflected into the off side off the body.
no run, slower ball, on a length outside off, the batsman pushed at it too early and it trickles towards mid-off.
1 run, back of a length and angled in on middle, punched off the back foot to midwicket.
no run, wide of the crease, 136.4ks, bouncer aimed at the batsman's head, he ducks under it and lets it sail through to Kishan behind the stumps.
no run, good length on off stump, defends.
FOUR runs, on a length and outside off, the batsman drives it on the up and creams it away to the cover boundary.
1 run, short, and down the leg side, and he gets the leg glance going, but cannot beat long leg.
no run, yorker on middle and leg, well bowled, he can only defend this back to the bowler.
1 run, length at middle stump, steps out and punches to long-on.
1 run, drops short with the carrom ball, the batsman rocks back and cuts to sweeper cover.
1 run, the batsman doesn't look in control as he flashes at a straight one, the ball coming off the inside half of the bat and rolling into space on the leg side.
1 run, short of a length, on-pace, into the body, worked off the hip for one.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut straight to sweeper cover.
no run, quick, on a length, outside off, pushed to cover-point. They don't run off the msifield.
no run, bottom edge on the pull, and Samson collects it on the bounce.
1 run, drops it short down leg, worked away to deep square leg for a single.
1 run, googly, flat outside off, du Plesis picks it and nails the sweep along the ground, straight to deep squareleg.
no run, good length on off, defended back to the bowler's left.
1 run, skids back in from around the stumps, pulls towards deep square.
1 wide, big wide down the leg side as this comes out of the hand late.
no run, yorker length and wide outside off Goes too far down leg side to make room and is beaten on the attempted slice.
1 run, low full toss, wide outside off to try to make him hit to the big part of the field. drilled wide of long-on. Pant refuses to run the second. That is poor from Pant. the batsman is filthy with him and is stranded mid-pitch, but Kohli attacks the throw and fails to collect it clean. Missed the run-out there.
SIX runs, that's too short. Ruins what was a good over as the batsman deposits it well over midwicket with a ferocious pull.
FOUR runs, boundary to end the over! That never hurts. Offcutter outside off, and slapped away to the point boundary.
SIX runs, tossed up slightly outside off and Parthiv slog sweeps it over deep midwicket, all the way for a six.
no run, good length outside off, and once again shaping away. Tries to punch it off the back foot but it goes past his outside edge.
1 run, leading edge falls short of extra cover. Low full toss angled into middle stump and he closes the face too soon on the flick. Buttler has a shy at the non-striker's end and a direct hit would have been close.
1 run, pats a length ball to midwicket for one.
1 run, full, just outside off, and he drills a drive to wide extra cover for a single.
1 run, starts off with a slower ball, the batsman uses soft hands to drop it at his feet and sneak in a single.
1 run, full ball, and he sweeps it off leg stump towards long leg.
1 run, back of a length on off, stands tall and forces a single down to long-on.
SIX runs, classical the batsman! Full on middle, and he's quick to get down on one knee. Goes through his slog-sweep and smacks this over deep midwicket. Lands in the stands.
no run, a short and wide delivery outside off, maybe fifth-stump channel so not too wide. the batsman is beaten for bounce as he looks to cut.
1 run, just short of deep backward point. Good length and gripping and turning outside off. Backs into the leg side and looks to go over extra cover. Ends up getting too far from it and slices.
FOUR runs, sees this in his half and belts this over cover. Almost as if the batsman had decided he'd just look to blast this. Not quite to the pitch but he swung this through nicely.
FOUR runs, the bowler goes shorter and just a shade outside off, the batsman leans back and glides it in the gap between backward point and short third man for four.
no run, offcutter, short of a length and wide outside off. Chops at it and is beaten.
1 run, short of a length slider outside off, pulled down to long-on.
2 runs, tossed up on the stumps and he brings out the sweep, but plays it along the ground. Got nicely on top of it. Keemo runs to his left at the midwicket boundary, tumbles and saves.
2 runs, fuller ball outside off, slower in pace, and he mistimes the whip between midwicket and long-on. Kohli and Southee converge and Kohli slides and picks it up.
1 run, looked for six, didn't get it. Some flight on middle and leg, swivel-heaved away to long-on.
no run, length at leg stump, slow. Loses the bottom hand again as he heaves at this. Straight to short fine.
no run, short, extra bounce outside off as he slashes and misses.
FOUR runs, full, too much width, and the batsman frees his arms and lofts it over extra-cover, such clean timing.
1 run, OUT, the batsman can't make it despite the dive! He steered it to short third man where Umesh dived to his right but the ball deflected away, making the batsmen think of two. But it wasn't too far and Umesh qickly got back and, guess what, direct hit at the keeper's end.
no run, length outside off, punched to extra cover.
no run, beaten by the googly. Two googlies to him that he hasn't picked today. This is rising from a length outside off and he was looking to punch through cover.
FOUR runs, the batsman dashes down the track, manufactures a half-volley, and smears it over the top of mid-off.
1 run, short and skids back in off the pitch, cramps the batsman for room. He hops, skips, and gloves it in front of point for one.
5 wide, oh, poor. Full and swung down leg side. Pooran can't even get a hand on that with the dive.
1 run, angles one across, Dhawan isn't fully committed forward, manages to get this behind point.
no run, down the wicket, but the bowler holds his own and shortens the length and cramps him up to draw a dot.
1 run, uses his feet and then drives along the ground to long-off.
no run, tossed up outside off, draws him forward, the batsman goes for the drive and gets a thick outside edge to point.
no run, short of a length on off stump, defended to midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, length ball on leg, and he shapes up to flick off his hips. Placed behind to deep backward square, but there's protection right there.
2 runs, crashed to sweeper's right. Front-of-the-hand overpitched ball, wide outside off. Goes inside-out.
no run, on a length and outside off, the batsman lets the ball slide off the face to point.
FOUR runs, gloriously punched through the covers. Back of a length and outside off, he stays leg-side of the ball and stylishly hits it in the gap.
no run, the batsman looking to give himself room, totally done in by the sower short ball, gets a bottom edge to point.
2 runs, fuller ball, barely lofts it over the bowler off the toe-end of the bat, mid-on runs back to gather it.
no run, on a length, outside off, driven on the up but straight to extra cover. the batsman getting stuck here like Tewatia did the other night.
1 run, short of a length, just outside off, uses soft hands to take a single left of cover.
1 run, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, turns this back to the bowler, not much turn for the bowler that time.
no run, length ball on the stumps, stays behind the line and plays it down the wicket with straight bat and gentle hands.
no run, sharp leg break, he's back and pushing back to the bowler.
1 run, in the slot, the batsman drags this lofted hit down to long-on.
(no ball), full and outside off, the batsman has a big whoooosh and misses. the bowler has overstepped? Tight call from umpire Llong.
1 run, slower ball, and full outside off. the batsman shuffles across to the off side and clips it to Stokes at deep midwicket.
1 run, pushed through and clipped for another single.
1 run, carrom ball first up. Short of a length, punched down to long-on.
1 run, short of a length, no room, runs this down to third man for one.
FOUR runs, finds the extra cover boundary with a loft. Anticipates Pandya's quick, full ball across him from around. He's adapted. And he's kept the front leg away to make room and opened the wrists to find the spot he wants.
1 run, short on middle, angled across, the batsman uses his wrists and turns it around towards deep midwicket to retain strike.
no run, low full toss, nearly a yorker. Dug out. Can't do much better.
no run, walks across to paddle fine, but misses. It's all but over now.
1 run, fuller on leg stump, and the batsman gets his toes out of the way before driving to the man at long on. Moves on to 48.
1 run, legbreak, on a length, can't drive, can't pull. Pushed to deep cover for one.
2 runs, slower ball, but full toss on middle stump. Flicked off his pads to deep midwicket, but he calls nice and early for two. the bowler took a tumble on his bowling followthrough.
2 runs, on a length, outside off, drilled to long-off.
OUT, stunning from Klaasen! Catch of the match. Sarfaraz looks to play a late cut, but strangely to another slower ball. Surely he can't be trying dinky strokes like those without pace to work with? Doesn't matter, he has to go. Klaasen's anticipation is top notch as he moves quickly to his right, dives low and puts his right hand out to pluck that inches from the ground.
no run, drifts in a quicker delivery on the pads, turned to short fine leg.
1 run, tossed up nicely, draws him forward and he checks his drive. AB is there at short cover, but he slips and the ball goes past him.
FOUR runs, nicely placed. Length ball outside off. A legbreak. Not too full. And there's bounce on it. But the batsman shuffles and sweeps from under it to get four at long leg.
SIX runs, glorious shot. Exposes the stumps and lofts it wide of long-off with a clean, straight bat. It's overpitched on off stump and just what the batsman needs to get this off the middle.
no run, short and just outside off, cut to short third off the under-edge.
1 leg bye, quick length ball, following him, hits the thigh pad. Just the leg-bye.
no run, slower length ball, punched back. Good stop off his own bowling.
2 runs, the batsman survives a run-out call. Nudges this short of a length ball through the vacant square leg region. Comes back for the second. The throw is prompt and hard and Rohit does superbly to lunge low to his right and catch it before flicking it onto the stumps. Marginally in.
no run, another full toss at the stumps, backs away for the drive and can only get it as far as extra cover.
2 runs, slower ball, length, and he picks it and whips this towards midwicket. They sprint like mad and pick up two quite comfortably in the end. Insane stuff here!.
OUT, massive wicket. the bowler hits back. Lovely arm ball, quick, 97ks, the batsman looks to make room but the ball slides on hit the middle stump. the batsman is left anguished as he walks back.
no run, full on a fourth-stump line, defended back to the bowler.
no run, flicks this full toss on middle to midwicket.
no run, almost chopped on! Good length on off, but zipping inwards after pitching. Tries to cut, but the ball goes nowhere. Lands near his toes.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
no run, slow in the air, around off, Faf plays off the back foot, back to the bowler.
1 run, width offered outside off, and cut hard behind square. Man at deep backward point manning that region.
no run, some seam movement there? On a length, shaping up to swing from outside off, and then pitching and leaving him, beating the defensive push.
no run, good length and slanted into off stump. Blocked into the off side.
(no ball) 1 run, low full toss at leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket and the siren goes off because he's overstepped.
no run, touch ahead of length on off, defended towards cover.
1 run, drilled through to deep cover.
no run, appeal for lbw as the bowler gets a good length ball to pitch on off stump from round the wicket and turn into the left-hander quite sharply. Parthiv plays all around it, but it would probably have missed leg stump. Time out.
1 run, slower ball floating into the pads, tickled away to the leg side. the batsman and Hooda scamper across for the single. The fumble from Rohit helped their cause.
1 run, slower ball, full and wide, driven to deep cover for one.
SIX runs, the look-away pull six from the batsman. the bowler attacks the badge, it's a very good bouncer. But that's the risk on grounds like these. the batsman is hurried, he takes his eyes off the ball and then top-edges the pull over backward square leg.
no run, loses control of the slower ball a bit, but ends up working to his advantage. Loopy fulltoss well wide of off, just inside the tram line. He stretches for it and sends it to mid-off.
1 run, the ball dips on him, denying him the slog sweep that looks so on when the ball was first delivered, lobbing up over his eyeline on middle stump.
no run, back to it. And executed well. Slower ball lobbed wide at a length. Backs away, jumps back at it. Beaten.
no run, keeps low, a back of the hand slower ball outside off. CdG waits and waits and swings, but the ball goes under.
1 run, short of a length, off the bottom edge, single to point.
2 runs, ARCHER DROPS ANOTHER! Slower short ball just outside off, and the batsman miscues his front-foot pull. Archer again comes in from the midwicket boundary and dives forward. Again he gets both his hands to it, and again he fails to grab on.
2 runs, overpitched on leg stump, flicked to deep square's right.
1 run, googly which he didn't get to the pitch off, thick inside edge past leg stump to short fine leg.
OUT, length ball on the stumps, clears his front leg and looks to go over long-on, doesn't middle it as it's a carrom ball, Miller takes a neat catch at long-on with fingers pointing upwards.
no run, speared outside off, drags a sweep to square leg.
2 runs, full-toss on middle, tapped to cow corner for a double.
no run, short ball, 138ks, at him, the batsman looks for the ramp and is beaten. The third man is up, which is why the batsman lets out a grunt on missing out on a boundary.
1 run, full on off stump, driven firmly off the front foot to long-off.
2 runs, wallops this length ball into the gap at wide long off, nice sliding stop by Manish Pandey.
no run, around the off stump off back of length, the batsman defends it late and behind square on off.
1 run, rocks back and toe ends a pull to deep square.
1 run, short ball, and he looks to dink this over the 'keeper. Gets a top edge, but it lands short of fine leg. That was a shovel, flick, that went down the leg side.
no run, length ball on the stumps, goes back to pull it towards long-on, loses his shape and misses, the ball bounces over the stumps.
1 run, offbreak, on a length, and he pushes this just wide of cover for a quick single.
no run, 144kph, good length, he drives on the up to cover-point but can't find the gap.
1 run, this pitch is surely slower than the ones we have seen. the batsman escapes. Looks for a slog over mid-on, but the ball is slow and he is early into the shot. Iyer has to run in and dive, and can't make the catch.
OUT, round the legs! This is genius! This is superb game awareness! He's seen the batsman going for funky shots. He's expecting the same again. And he's ready with the counter. A perfectly pitched googly. And the batsman is caught unawares. He tries the reverse sweep again but the bowler bowls it a few yards quicker and a tiny bit flatter. It pitches outside leg, hurries onto the batsman, piggybacks off the inside edge and crashes into his stumps.
no run, shimmy down the wicket, the bowler keeps the length short. Defended.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, shot! Superb thinking under pressure from Rashid. Takes a big step back into the crease and sets up low with a low backlift. Gets a full one at off stump and creams it past extra cover.
2 runs, length at off stump, gets forward and jabs with soft hands towards long-on.
FOUR runs, and another. Tossed up outside off, walks into the line of that and sweeps along the floor between long-on and deep midwicket.
1 run, good length and more at middle stump this time. Still not giving him pace. Steps out and punches to long-on.
1 run, flighted on middle stump, but the batsman gets inside the line of the ball. Flicks it to square leg.
1 run, fuller and a bit wider outside off, the batsman waits for it and glides to third man.
2 runs, full toss on leg, the batsman seemd surprised by that a bit. It was pacy. the batsman manages to turn it to deep square for a quick run two.
no run, quick again, slightly fuller, but also straighter. the batsman can't do much with this. Another good start from Axar.
no run, slower bouncer, middle and leg, angling away, beats his hook.
1 run, slower ball at a length, wide outside off again. He's outfoxed once more, just manages a flap at that. It rolls out to long-off.
1 run, short of a length and into leg stump, nudged to deep square off the back foot.
1 run, nearly produces the wicket. Sees him back away, slips in a wide slower ball, draws the slice, but it falls between cover-point and the boundary rider.
1 run, darted across him, he flicks this in the air towards long on but short of the man.
1 run, slower in the air, on a length, middle and leg. Turned around the corner for one.
FOUR runs, doesn't need to sweep if you give him a long hop first up. Cracked over midwicket for four.
1 wide, swings past leg stump as Faf sets up for another ramp This is an attempted yorker, but it's just a little too far down leg.
to Gopal, 1 run, short of a length, no room, punched to deep point for one.
1 run, short of a length around off, Axar punches off the backfoot to long-off.
no run, full and wide outside off as the batsman is walking way down into the leg side. Was too far down to get a bat on this.
1 run, lands this length ball outside off, the batsman makes room but is cramped so he bunts this towards midwicket.
no run, even fuller and slanting in at off, Rohit has another mighty hack at it and inside-edges the ball  back to the bowler. CSK bowlers threatening both edges on a grassy pitch.
4 leg byes, lucky runs for the batsman. Same operation: backing away, then across, the bowler bowls a fine yorker wide outside off, and he gets inside edge onto the pad, and then it rolls wide of Dhoni. He could have done better with this.
no run, short of a length on leg stump, tapped to midwicket off the back foot.
OUT, taken at long-on. A tame slog sweep attempte. A hit out attempt. Wasn't picking him at all. A length ball outside off that grips and goes away from the attempted slog sweep. Sends it high up and it's taken well inside.
1 run, back of a length on off, 140.7ks, the batsman miscues another pull to midwicket.
no run, good length on the fourth stump, and the batsman opens the face but steers it straight to gully.
OUT, Hardik Pandya nails the stumps at the non-striker's end with an excellent direct hit. Back of a length and outside off, Baz jumps away outside leg and flat-bats to mid-off inside the circle. Baz and Kohli chance a single. Pandya gathers the ball quickly and hits the stumps to catch Baz short. He did not even ground his bat. Flat and accurate throw from Pandya.
1 wide, goes short again to finish the over, but wait, he's got to bowl that again. Too short on off stump, and it's too high even for the tall West Indian.
1 run, length ball on the pads, and he flicks this away towards backward square leg.
1 wide, wide down the leg side.
no run, full and straight, 145ks, hit too well to mid-on to be risking a single.
1 run, whips this length ball to deep midwicket. This skid through and cramped him for room.
no run, tossed up outside off, looks to tap on the front foot but it gets big on him. Into the turf.
1 run, full on off stump, driven with the turn down to long-off.
1 run, too much width outside off and turning away, the batsman stays in his crease, transfers weight back and slaps it past cover.
1 run, very short outside off, not sure what variation that was out, only costs a single as he finds deep cover. Different run-up from the bowler.
1 run, punches this shortish delivery to long-off.
no run, short, bounces over his bat as he slashes outside off.
1 run, fuller on middle and leg, chipped uppishly towards wide long-on, only a single though.
FOUR runs, pitched too full. Looking for swing. Ends up bowling a half-volley outside off. Driven between mid-off and extra cover. All along the ground.
1 run, short and wide, dragged clumsily down to long-on with the pull.
SIX runs, full on leg, and that's been deposited into cow corner! Fifty for Faf! It pitched just ahead of his front leg, and Faf's enjoying the extra pace. Gets his front leg out of the way, and swings his bat thoroughly.
1 wide, starts with a leg side delivery that drifts down leg, wide called.
no run, length outside off, the batsman stays back and defends towards cover.
FOUR runs, comes down the wicket and tries to take him on down the ground. Gets an inner edge and it runs down to fine leg, just beyond the reach of Saha.
1 leg bye, short ball, quick skiddy one, at 137ks, the inside edge into the ribs. They take the single.
1 run, and again. Full toss too quick for him. His attempted slog dribbles into the midwicket region.
no run, beaten on the pull. Short of a length in the corridor, swipes above that one.
no run, extra bounce. That will interest the DC quicks. the batsman is surprised by this tennis-ball bounce outside off. Beaten when looking to turn this to leg.
no run, good length and into middle stump, defended down the pitch.
FOUR runs, slower ball, short of a length, and the batsman has pulled it at a catchable height for midwicket, but straight enough of that man.
1 run, full just outside off, and muscled over the bowler's head. Dhawan's at long off. One run to the total, but importantly Faf's on strike.
1 run, short and just outside off, punched to sweeper cover.
1 run, full ball outside off, a nice-looking straight drive to long-off.
1 run, a touch shorter than he likes to be and that allows the batsman to tap it down to long-on.
no run, full on middle, pushed back to the bowler.
OUT, played on! the bowler is punching the air! Length ball, wide outside off, and the batsman tries to drive again. Too far away from him, and the attempted drive takes an inside edge. Ricochets into middle stump, and Kings XI are pumped. A bit of eye-to-eye action between the batsman and the bowler after the wicket, but no shoulder barge. They came mighty close though! It's all happenin'.
1 run, short again, and he dabs it down to third man. Bowled at 131.6kph.
FOUR runs, slower short ball, the batsman swivels and helps it along to square leg. He jogs the first as two fielders converge, and that's fine because neither man can get to it.
1 run, full just outside off, and that's been lifted over the bowler's head. Man at long on though.
1 run, thick outside edge to short third man as he shapes to cut.
no run, leans into a lovely cover drive, but that off side field is better packed than a jam jar.
no run, length on off, defended to cover.
1 run, short, just on off stump, and he jumps up and cuts this towards third man. Hurries away towards Andrew Tye.
FOUR runs, good length outside off, and cut hard! Just past point, and beats the sweeper cover fielder as well!.
no run, nearly knocks him over! the batsman swings across the line, it was the googly on middle, and just missed the off stump.
no run, good length on middle stump, but spins away from the batsman. Punched off the back foot to cover.
OUT, carrom ball from the bowler, the batsman is looking to go over long-off, and is early into the shot too, getting a lot of height but no distance on it. Perfect time for Pollard or Pandya to walk in. the batsman has done his job.
SIX runs, nails the shot coming down the track this time  Delayed his shimmy a tad, and the bowler couldn't adjust his length. the batsman dances down and gets it in the slot, picks it up for a mighty hit way over long -on.
OUT, drags it straight to long-on. Good length and holding in the pitch outside off. Reaches out and looks to clear the straight boundary. It comes off the inside half.
no run, full on middle and leg, clipped to deep square leg. No single taken, and rightly so.
no run, length ball around middle and off, defended from the crease.
1 run, too much air and on leg stump, flicked to long-on off his toes.
no run, on a length, outside off, no room, pushed back to him.
FOUR runs, length ball, and he waits for it and whips this away towards deep midwicket. Sheer power, and placement!.
1 run, slower ball, down the leg side, and he whips this towards long leg.
2 runs, short outside off, nicely chopped away past point for a couple.
1 run, full outside off, too full to hit down the ground, driven to the left of deep point.
no run, legbreak, and the batsman pokes defensively at it from the crease.
no run, length, and he goes back and punches this back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, past the keeper first and then short third. God that must be annoying as a fielding team but it is expertly done and he has a fifty. He's kept his scoring rate up even as wickets fall around. Allows this legcutter to come on in the corridor and stabs it late.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, mistimed pull out to deep square.
1 run, short of a length and into leg stump. Back foot punch comes off the thick inside edge to deep square's right.
no run, flat around off, the batsman misses his sweep and is struck on the body.
SIX runs, full on middle and Dube says I'm going to do it all by myself. Clears his left leg and muscles it over long-off.
1 run, slower length ball around off, the batsman pushes it towards mid-off and sets off, a fumble there by Samson means he makes it easily, and that's 4000 IPL runs for the batsman - the fastest to reach there.
2 runs, back of a length on middle stump, lets it come on and clips it to the left of deep square leg, immediately calls for two.
no run, the batsman walks at him, Krishna bowls short of a length, hits him high on the bat.
FOUR runs, the batsman looks in good touch. This is a wide outswinger, on a length, and he drives it on the up, and in front of cover-point.
no run, opens the face as he guides a good length ball on off stump, with the turn, to point.
1 run, Pandya shortens the length this time, and he pushes this towards cover for one.
1 run, full and straight on middle, quite loopy, the batsman mistimes this attempted lofted hit to long-on.
no run, another leading edge that lands just short of short third man. Advanced down the ground and heaved with a mighty swing but is done in by turn.
1 run, the shuffle across continues, Curran sticks to his guns, bowling short of the driving length and outside off. the batsman takes a single to mid-off.
no run, slower and fuller outside off, the batsman looks to go over the bowler's head but mistimes it straight back to him. Dot ball.
1 run, looks for the yorker, but goes full, and he punches this down to long on.
1 run, full on middle and leg, nudged through the vacant spaces at midwicket off the front foot.
2 runs, overpitched, wide outside off, and drilled to deep point. Mumbai finish on 155 for 4.
SIX runs, drilled over the bowler. Lovely shape on that. It's been all balance from him tonight. This is tossed up at middle stump, gets a stride out to meet it on the pitch and holds his position to lift this straight.
no run, good length and into the corridor, punched straight to extra cover off the back foot.
1 run, length, angled in, flat and quick, clipped away to deep squareleg.
no run, back of a length and angled in on middle, goes back and punches to short midwicket.
1 run, low full toss on middle, and the attempted straight drive takes a leading edge to deep point.
1 run, backs away to cut the short ball on middle out to the sweeper cover.
no run, slower ball, on a length, pushed to cover. Plays in front of the body so he doesn't try an attacking shot.
no run, backs away to cut again, beaten. Wasn't far from the off stump.
1 run, short and wide outside off, going away from him. No power on this pull to long-on.
FOUR runs, almost a repeat of the first ball, but the batsman doesn't middle it this time, a thick outside edge though flies towards third man fence for another boundary.
1 run, length at leg stump, flicked to fine leg with the angle.
1 run, darted in, quick, worked to long-on.
1 wide, goes for the wide yorker, and that's a borderline wide call, the ball hovering right over the tramline. the batsman leaves it alone.
1 run, full, on off, driven down to long-off for one.
no run, short of square leg. Offcutter just outside off, plants the front leg across and flicks aerially.
1 run, short, climbs onto him outside his off-stump, and the batsman rolls his wrists over a pull to midwicket.
2 runs, good length and angled into him. Steps out and clips through square leg.
FOUR runs, big wind-up, big swing, to a length ball outside off, and he gets a thick outside edge over the short third man for four.
no run, ooh, swing for the bowler too. Beautiful traditional good length, angling into the fourth-stump line and swinging away in a pronounced manner. Rohit doesn't really get forward, just pushes at the drive, aiming towards mid-off, and the ball curves past his outside edge.
FOUR runs, another teasing half-volley outside off, belted through the line between cover and mid-off. Very poor from the most expensive Royals' buy.
1 run, on the pads again and worked to deep square leg off the front foot.
FOUR runs, flicks the length ball on leg stump through midwicket. Serene and simple cricket. It's the game's equivalent to the 2+2 question.Everybody (except Dexter) knows the answer to that.
no run, googly outside off, really really slow, the batsman hangs back, picks it after pitching and defends.
no run, sees him look to come down, slips a wide quick legbreak to beat him. the batsman does well to keep his back foot in the crease.
no run, length ball outside off, steered to Siraj at short third man. Raina had set off at the non-striker's end and had to scramble back. Saved because Siraj also couldn't pick it up cleanly.
1 run, drifts down leg this time, clipped down to fine leg for one.
1 run, good length on off, he comes on the front foot to steer it to backward point.
1 run, good length and into middle stump, gets deep in the crease and punches to mid-on.
1 run, on a length, straight, worked to leg for one.
1 run, the googly, reads it yesterday. On middle, worked to deep midwicket.
no run, length ball, wide outside off, and turning further away. Cut square to backward point.
1 run, short of a length, spinning away, shuffles across and whips it down the ground to long-on.
1 run, googly, short of a length and away from middle, clipped through midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, slips in a yorker that has been flicked nicely into the gap at deep square. Big mix-up again between Pant and Harshal, but he's managed to turn back in time at the non-striker's end.
no run, good length, cutter, wide outside off. Steps into the off side for the sweep again but is beaten this time.
1 run, looks to work this against the line, gets a thick inside edge onto the boot, ball deflects to the off side for a single.
SIX runs, misses the yorker again, and the batsman sends this over cow corner! Low full toss on middle, but the batsman gets his front leg out of the way and deposits this into the stands. Delightful hitting.
2 runs, good length on off, he defends on the front foot, turning this delicately to midwicket and calls two immediately. Great placement and running.
no run, low-arm slider outside off, runs past the bat. Time for the time-out.
FOUR runs, short ball outside off, gets on the front foot and slaps this to the midwicket boundary.
1 run, good length and pushed across him outside off, Dragged aerially to deep midwicket's right.
OUT, run-out! Terrible from Sunrisers. They've had a shocking evening. A slower ball outside off, the batsman finally gets bat on it. Slices a drive to point. Hardik Pandya misfields, which makes the batsman think there is a single. Pathan comes running down, sees Pandya's throw is coming and returns back to his crease, allowing the batsman to sacrifice himself. The ball pops out of Kishan's gloves, just as he made contact with the stumps.
no run, good length and into leg stump, flicked to midwicket.
FOUR runs, and the batsman picks the leg side to bring up his fifty. Gets well across to this wide length ball, and sort of shovels this over square leg for four.
no run, a yorker, around off, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, length around off, comes forward and pushes it towards deep midwicket.
1 run, on a length, quick offbreak, punched down to long-on for one.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, nice work with the wrists to place that to the right of midwicket.
no run, bouncer, 147ks, just outside off. the batsman wants to have nothing to do with it.
1 run, a slower ball down leg, worked to deep midwicket, 109 kph.
OUT, knocks out middle stump! the batsman was utterly out of sorts tonight and it shows with this wicket. Woeful swish at this inswinger. It's a good length ball that hits the top of middle. the batsman's feet were leg side, his bat swing outside off. Not pretty viewing at all for him.
1 run, wide length ball, runs this down to third man for one.
1 run, a short, slower ball around off, punched to long-on for one. He's biding his time well.
1 run, full, on off, pushed to long-off for one.
1 run, back of a length on off, and the batsman winds up to flat-bat it down the ground. Mistimes it to long off though.
SIX runs, bye bye RCB their chances are disappearing with the ball. the ball is spinning away from him but he slog-sweeps it from well outside off and smashes it over wide long-on.
2 runs, works this off a length into the gap at wide long-on. Lazy work in the deep. Should've been no more than a single.
SIX runs, he skips down the track and launches him straight down the ground! Superb footwork and bat swing!.
to Rayudu, SIX runs, upper cut over the cover boundary. You read that right. Some hit, this. Short and wide outside off and sitting up for him. He reaches out and sends it well in front of square.
OUT, diving catch from Kishan! Angling away from the batsman, and he tries to punch away from his body. The offcutter goees across the batsman, and therefore takes the outside edge. Kishan's forced to dive diagonally forward but he's safe with the gloves. Three wickets in six balls .
no run, fuller on the off stump, drives it towards extra cover.
SIX runs, swipes it over the long leg boundary. Lost the radar with this one too, did Jofra. Short and angled into the hips from around the wicket. the batsman swivels and helps it along.
no run, wide of the crease, chest-high short ball, slanting in, the batsman stays back and fends it off.
FOUR runs, full outside off, and the batsman opens his account with a full-blooded drive past mid-off for four. It was overpitched, sho he didn't have to worry about which way it was turning and could go through the line.
1 run, shorter, and quicker, and he bumps this towards backward square leg, to hand the strike back to Dre Russ.
1 run, back of a length and skids on middle, dragged to deep midwicket for just one.
1 run,  Yusuf has made a right royal mess of a sitter at long-off!  the batsman deceived by the dip on the delivery as he looks to loft over long-off, got the toe end and this lobbed straight up. Should have been taken, the batsman with a giant slice of luck.
FOUR runs, looks like another carrom ball but this time du Plesssis has got under it with the sweep, and has also placed it square of deep midwicket.
1 leg bye, quicker ball on leg stump and going down leg. KW tries to sweep, but changes his shot late. Hits his front leg, but impact outside leg.
1 run, full on leg stump, nicely punched off the front foot to long-on's left.
FOUR runs, whistles past point. Confident comeback into the IPL for Kishan. Too short and too wide from the bowler this one.
1 run, good length outside off, onto the back foot to stab this into the covers.
OUT, knocked him over! Played one shot too many. Shaped to pull but the length wasn't there for the stroke, beat the inside edge and crashed into the off stump. Completely missed the line, made matters tougher by trying to play across the line. He's given them a good start though.
FOUR runs, wide, outside off, and he forces this square, and keeps it way to the right of extra cover.
SIX runs, fetch that back of a length and the batsman unleashes a fierce pull off the back foot that carries all the way over the midwicket boundary.
FOUR runs, oh that's not a great option - length and very wide. the batsman has the front foot into the leg side but he swishes hard and gets it past short third man.
SIX runs, that's poor bowling. Short. Angled down leg. All Kane has to do is get under it and he does that with a no-holds-barred sweep shot.
no run, length ball on the stumps, tucked away towards square leg.
no run, yorker outside off, watchfully kept out.
1 run, short and into the hips, mistimed pull to long-on's right.
no run, on a length, cramping him up, pushed back to him.
1 run, punched on the up, gets a single to mid-off.
2 runs, length ball, strays towards the pads, and he flicks this away towards deep midwicket, and pinches two.
no run, back of a length outside off, and the batsman misses the ramp. Tried to glance it over short third man, but just timed his shot too late.
no run, quick length ball, 95ks, pushed to cover.
2 runs, another fuller ball, the batsman heaves it over the extra cover region and it lands between that fielder running back and long-off running to his left.
SIX runs, nailed it. Length ball fired into the pads and De Kock is down on it quickly for a clean swing from under. Sends it over the long leg boundary with this sweep.
no run, short of a length, at him, defended to cover.
FOUR runs, four more. Short and wide this time, carved away through backward point for four. Suryakumar's great form continues, his third IPL fifty this season.
1 run, tossed up at off stump, driven along the floor to long-off.
no run, misses a full toss. So much for my build up, Mr. CDG. It's juciy, knee-height, with plenty of room outside off and he completely misses it.
1 run, back of a length, angling into off stump, waits on it and stabs firmly towards backward point, who makes a diving stop but lets the ball roll away to allow the single.
FOUR runs, fuller around off, and he has just smashed it down the ground, long-off had no chance.
1 run, short and outside off, the batsman slices it to deep third man.
1 run, works this length ball on middle and leg to deep square leg.
no run, length outside off, goes for the cut but straight towards backward point.
1 run, good length on middle, and he gets into position early. Pulled along the ground to deep midwicket.
1 run, lovely bowling. Keeps putting it up there slowly. Keeps them on the back foot. Even the batsman can only tuck it into the square leg region. What an over.
1 run, full on middle, leans in and drives to long-on.
1 run, fuller on the pads, looks to go aerial, the ball hits the toe end of the bat but lands safe, well short of incoming long-on.
1 run, a slower delivery outside off, drilled down to long-off for one.
1 run, angled into Dhawan from back of length and he tucks it to leg for another single.
FOUR runs, short outside off and he cuts it hard, beating point to his left and the timing sublime.
no run, back of a length on middle and off, that's a better line. And therefore, earns a dot ball too. Pushed to cover.
1 run, works this down to deep midwicket.
no run, swung and a miss. This cut back in, kept low and just missed the stumps by a whisker.
no run, full ball, towards middle stump, and he plays a straight drive, but straight towards mid on.
no run, full, just outside off, pushed to mid-off.
no run, good length outside off, stands tall and punches to cover.
SIX runs, over the line in a second! Wow. Short at the hips and it's a short-arm pull that is timed so perfectly that it's gone about waist height before dipping over the backward square boundary.
FOUR runs, dropped marginally short on a leg stump line. He backs away and slaps it through cover.
FOUR runs, full toss on leg stump, and that's been put away! Quick bat speed, and swept towards the backward square boundary.
1 run, belts the length ball outside off to long-off.
1 run, full and into leg stump, mistimed slog down to long-on.
no run, past the outside edge. Good length and in the corridor, opens the face on that to try and get it to third man.
FOUR runs, sweet connection on the pull. Short ball up at the ribs. Took his eye off that but went though with the pull. No reason to try and keep it on the ground because square leg was in.
no run, oh the batsman, why the batsman? Tries the reverse ramp to an on-pace length ball. This is fair game for a wild slog over midwicket. What a miss. Beaten.
no run, short of a length just outside off, looks to cut hard again and narrowly escapes dragging this straight onto off stump. It hurries him and bounces up into the keeper's body from the pitch.
no run, cuts a length ball away towards point. Has to refuse the single.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched to deep point.
1 run, full and flat on off, driven to long-off.
no run, lbw appeal turned down. Possible bat on that as the batsman looks to whip a googly through midwicket. Spun in sharply and caught him in front of leg.
FOUR runs, that's past point for the win! Oh that is questionably tactics, honestly. Yorkers outside off with third man and point inside. the batsman shuffles again, waits on the yorker length delivery. It's a low full toss and he gets it to point's right.
FOUR runs, gets across and sweeps this fiercely to the fine leg boundary. Too much flighted, drifted and spun back in to make it easy.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched on the up to extra cover.
no run, nearly caught and bowled. Hard hands on this drive. This is the wrong'un, and he gets a thick edge back to the bowler, but it doesn't carry.
no run, fuller, angled on to the pads, the batsman looks to flick it towards midwicket, cannot connect and is rapped on the pads.
1 run, length ball on middle, and angling down leg. But he flicks it off his hips to square leg instead.
no run, ooh a beauty to end, moving in from back of a length and beats bat on the way to the keeper.
1 run, floated full on leg stump, leans in and flicks to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, nobody can stop this one. Short of a length, straight, quick, and he makes room to punch this between cover-point and extra cover.
(no ball) 1 run, length ball on middle, and punched down the ground to long on for a walking single. But that's a no ball! Front-foot. Massive no ball.
1 run, back of a length, angled across to off stump, punched to deep point.
1 run, short ball, hurries him up, pulled down to long leg for one.
SIX runs, and now lofted casually over mid-off! Good length outside off, does grip into the pitch somewhat, but he reaches out and lofts it on the rise to make sweet contact.
1 run, yorker on off, pushed to extra cover.
1 run, another dipping delivery - this time at top pace - and it messes with the batsman's timing. He has his front leg cleared away. the bowler does well to change his line and keep it wide of off stump. As a result, the batsman has to reach out, and ends up mistiming a bunt to long-on.
1 run, back of a length on off, he pushes this off the back foot through cover-point to the sweeper.
no run, good length and swung into the corridor, looks to punch off the back foot and is beaten.
no run, well bowled. Full but not full enough for his lofted shots. Gets the inside edge on the drive.
no run, quick, length ball, pushed to short cover.
1 run, full ball outside off, he swings too, but gets a thick inside edge to deep midwicket.
OUT, edged and gone! Mumbai are clawing back into this game. It was full outside off, the batsman threw his hands at it to blast it through the off side but only managed a healthy edge back to the keeper.
2 runs, down the wicket, the bowler yorks him with a quick one, pushed wide of long-on for two.
FOUR runs, a slower ball at 112.7kmh pretty wide outside off, Rohit goes after it with a big swing and doesn't quite middle it but gets just enough to beat the fielders chasing it.
1 run, good enough. 143kph, full and at off stump. Kishan is too late on the slog. Perhaps his hands slipped off too. He calls for new gloves immediately.
2 runs, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
FOUR runs, full on middle stump, and the batsman makes full use of the angle! Uses his wrists to whip it over fine leg.
no run, bends back in from length on middle, the batsman plays outside the line to get a thick inside edge onto the boot.
1 run, slower length ball on off, dabs this gently into the off side for a quick single.
no run, a better start to this over. he tosses it up outside off, and Faf plays it back to him. Surprised by no turn perhaps.
FOUR runs, tossed up on off stump, and QDK sweeps this over square leg. Top edges it, but does enough to take it over the infield. Fine leg's inside the circle, so it's a relatively safe shot.
1 run, stays back to push this to deep cover for one.
FOUR runs, edged past the keeper! But this was deliberately played. Length ball outside off, and with no slip cordon the batsman opens the bat's face to play a punch. Flies off the bat's face and into the third-man boundary.
no run, good length outside off, the batsman stretches forward to block it. That's Rashid done for this game.
1 run, in the block hole on the leg stump, the batsman gets an edge to fine leg for one.
1 wide, another one that strays down leg, wide. Just like the bowler' previous over.
FOUR runs, full on off, and he clears his front leg to slog. Struck past the non-striker, and Gowtham - at long on - can't cut it off! RCB go past 150.
SIX runs, length around the hip and these two are matching each other shot for shot, picks it up and hammers a pull, flat and hard over deep squareleg.
1 run, whips this down to long-on, bowling too short currently.
1 run, better delivery, drags the length, takes a thick inside edge to the leg side.
no run, full outside off, slower in pace, the batsman tries to blast it through the covers but finds the man without any timinbg.
1 run, wide of the crease, full ball on off stump, and he hammers it down towards long on.
no run, short of a length, at his body, defended back to him.
2 runs, the bowler can't gather and Rahane completes the second! A century stand with that second, but nearly 99. A glorious cover drive to Rashid's right at sweeper but his throw is low and the bowler not agile after running back to the stumps.
1 bye, another knuckle ball outside off, and Curran can't hit it. But Dhoni misfields, which makes the batsmen take the bye. They can take overthrows as well, but Russell's not interested.
no run, good length and honing in at off stump. Watchfully defended into the covers.
no run, flat length ball outside off stump. Looks to go deep in his crease for the back-foot slice past backward point, but the ball skids on quicker than expected and beats him.
no run, seems like the carrom ball, on a length, pretty accurate, hit back to Pandya.
1 run, back of a length, fourth-stump line, flat-batted to the left of mid-off.
1 wide, a slower length ball gone wrong, way outside off, Moeen lets it go.
1 run, on middle and leg, tucked towards square leg.
2 runs, squeezes this yorker into the gap at deep midwicket.
1 run, good length and sliding into middle stump, punched to long-on with the angle.
FOUR runs, where did that come from steps away and smashes this low full toss over extra cover for four.
OUT, Bowled'em. First ball to the batsman, the bowler has him chopping on. Narine is strong v spin, but the batsman isn't as strong. This was a low-arm slider from the bowler, wide of the crease, slides in at off, cramps the batsman for room. He hastily jabs his bat down and drags an inside edge back onto the stumps.
1 run, on a length, on off, punched down to long-off for one.
1 run, googly tossed up outside off, driven firmly to long-off.
1 run, full toss, hit back at the bowler's toe, takes a single off the defelction.
1 run, fuller this time, and the batsman presses forward to dead-bat the ball to the right of point, taking the chance for a quick single.
1 run, short of a length on middle stump, whipped to deep midwicket.
1 run, falls short of long-on. the batsman not as fluent this over. It's a length ball on middle and it gets too big on him as he looks to slog. A feeble chip towards Gowtham who doesn't run in quickly enough.
FOUR runs, clears his front leg and slashes it. Length ball on the stumps, wasn't in perfect control but the thick edge takes it to the point boundary.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, chopped to backward point's left.
no run, nudged off the pads to short fine leg.
OUT, oh he's gone for 99, would you believe it. the bowler was bowling one short delivery after another, this one angling in towards the batsman's head, he pulls, gets a top edge and Dinesh Karthik goes back a few steps towards short third man and takes the skier. the batsman is utterly disappointed with that, he would have been the youngest centurion in IPL.
no run, Narine survives another run-out. the batsman hits this to midwicket, and Narine strolls up the wicket despite calls of NO. Pollard, though, misses with the throw from midwicket.
no run, looks to late cut, misses the quicker delivery.
1 run, a sweep to deep midwicket. A carrom ball, he doesn't even bother reading it, just cross bat.
1 run, length ball pitching around middle and leg and spinning away, backs away and hammers it towards long-on, only a single though.
OUT, got him, the bowler gets the early breakthrough. Takes a premeditated step out of his crease, which turns this short ball into one that isn't quite short enough to pull. He gets cramped a little, and ends up swiping it at catchable height, just over Jadhav's left shoulder, to square leg.
1 run, length ball in at leg stump, flicked uppishly to long-on.
1 run, full and swings back in late, the batsman flicks to deep square off a thick inside edge.
no run, good length and sliding in at off stump. Watchfully defended into the covers.
no run, shortish, 146kph and punched firmly off the back foot, sends it to point.
1 run, length ball around middle, whips it away to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, swept away first ball. On a length, outside off, and the batsman gets stuck into him and goes over square leg. This is proving to be a costly decision to bowl the bowler in the Powerplay.
1 run, shifts back to a short of a length delivery that curves into him and hurriedly whips it away to the on side.
no run, short, no width on offer, tapped down into the leg side and Ishant fields.
1 run, yorker at middle stump, jammed down towards long-on.
1 leg bye, nearly a stumping. the bowler bowls a legbreak, beats him in the flight as he skips down the wicket. Oh this is a wrong'un in fact. He has done him in twice in one ball, but he gets his pad in the way and it deflects out of Pant's reach.
OUT, into leg stump! Good length, coming in with his regular angle, and also spinning in off the pitch. Umesh shaping for the big slog sweep but is through the shot too soon.
SIX runs, picks the googly and then lets his hands do the rest. A wide googly, a ball that the bowler has owned recently. Lofted so easily over cover.
1 run, back of a length, gets it to bounce to chest height at the batsman, who goes up on his toes to dab it into the offside for a single.
no run, darted into the pads, swept flat and hard to short fine leg.
2 runs, short and just outside off, gets the front leg in the air and pulls this into the ground to fine leg's left.
1 run, good single. Full and straight, pushed away to mid-on for a single.
OUT, good catch. A slower ball outside off, the batsman backs away. The ball is wide outside off, so he isn't balanced at point of contact. The ball slices away, third man runs back and takes a good, well-judged catch.
1 run, looked like a legcutter from middle and leg, the batsman made some room and took a single with a defence.
1 run, length ball outside off, and punched to the cover region.
1 run, slower full ball dipping outside off, swiped into midwicket region off the low part of the bat.
no run, gives it some air this time. Outside off, and straight through to Dhoni. The batsman shoulders his arms.
2 runs, short slower ball, wide again, the batsman does well to get bat on it, but doesn't get any power. Somehow it sails over extra cover, and Warner from long-off has to run to his right to keep it down to two.
OUT, slapped to extra cover! Oh boy. Offcutter, slammed into the pitch, short and outside off. Steps out and it sits up sweetly for a lashing. and he's lashed it straight to Finch.
FOUR runs, length, and he moves a bit away to the leg side and drives this uppishly past mid off. What a super bit of timing again!.
1 run, back to short of a length, played with soft hands, takes a single to point.
no run, good length outside off, but turning further away from DK. Forced to reach at it, and mistimes his cut to point.
1 run, and he nearly has a wicket first ball. the batsman has played a switched-off shot first ball, chipping this towards long-off without any power. It is good he hasn't hit it well: it doesn't carry to the fielder.
1 run, too short and he rocks back to pull this to long-on.
no run, length at middle stump, leans in, pushes into the leg side with hard hands. Rashid too quick to allow a run.
to Tewatia, no run, short of a length, wicket to wicket, pushed back to him.
2 runs, short of a length, checks the punch this time and offers a straighter bat to chip this over cover this time.
FOUR runs, short one on middle and pulled away in front of square, not perfectly timed but hit well enough and the outfield does the rest.
1 run, length ball just outside off, and turning in. He goes deep inside his crease to block.
1 run, full on middle stump, flicked down to long-on.
FOUR runs, ends his spell with a boundary, but what a terrific spell this has been nonetheless. Length ball outside off, that he backs away and cuts past short third man. No stopping that once it beats the infielder.
1 run, over the wicket, full at off stump, pushed to the covers.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
no run, good length on leg stump, flicked to midwicket.
OUT, and the batsman's iffy stay ends with a short ball. the bowler dug this in short, got it to rise up to his face. the batsman with his front leg cleared, wanted to swat it towards midwicket, but he's too late on the ball and has taken his eyes off it too. Gets a top edge that loops up and settles into Parthiv's gloves.
1 run, works this with the spin to deep midwicket, sensible stuff.
2 runs, drifter that lands full on middle. Flicked off his toes to deep midwicket, and the batsman calls loudly for the double.
1 run, short of a length at off, steps out and punches to deep backward point.
OUT, drills this straight to mid on. the batsman checked his shot, not sure why, and has to go as Shami takes a comfortable catch.
2 runs, just a bit of extra rip for the final ball. Full on off, and worked off his legs to the backward square region. Enough time to come back for the second.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
1 run, slower short ball at middle stump, pulled to deep backward square's right.
1 wide, re-set the radar, the bowler. Back of a length and slanted down the leg side, away from the reach of the batsman's flick.
no run, bouncer at a middle stump line. Shuffles for the pull but decides to let that go.
2 runs, slower ball at a length on middle stump, waits on that and nudges with soft hands to long-on's left.
1 run, faster, flatter, and it's just a single out to the sweeper.
no run, Given LBW! the batsman consults Buttler and decides to review. Good length inswinger, he's caught on the crease trying to work across the line. No bat involved, pitched in line, hit in line but going over! He survives! Great review. It hit him too high in the end.
1 run, on a length, no room, he backs away to punch this to long-off for one.
1 run, good length on off, and turning away from the batsman. Punched off the back foot to cover, and he calls for a quick single. Comfortably completed.
1 run, sticks to the 'fire it on leg stump' line again but the batsman punches more forcefully to get it past the bowler.
2 runs, nudged past short fine. It's a full ball on leg stump, he allows it to come on and flicks. The fielder gets a hand on it as he lunges to his left.
no run, big swing and a miss from Yusuf. Zero feet, and against the turn and angle. Dhoni whips the bails off in a flash, and wait, has the backfoot been planted back? Yusuf just dragged it out but he's managed to ground his foot just in time.
SIX runs, launches it over midwicket. So so so far over. It's a length ball outside off and the batsman races out of his crease to slog it with a vengeance.
OUT, and now Unadkat grabs a chest-height catch. Rohit is out first ball, and Mumbai are losing some ground. Rohit flays a pull to this short ball but it goes straight to long leg. That was travelling and Unadkat reverse-cups and falls over as he completes the catch. That's a brilliant piece of fielding.
1 run, length outside off, steered to short third-man for one.
1 wide, aims for a yorker at the base of leg stump, gets it wrong, even if not too far away. Wide called by Dharmasena.
2 runs, short, and he goes back and pushes this towards deep midwicket. Got it to the left of the fielder there, and they scurry back for the second.
1 run, good length outside off, and this time the batsman waits for the slower ball. Sticks his bat out and pokes it down to third man.
OUT, a review this time. the bowler must have charming eyes. Dhoni says he heard nothing but takes the review anyway. But the bowler is right! the batsman is looking to chop this length ball down to third man and he's got a very very thin edge on this! the batsman is gone! What a review. Some climb in in the corridor from a length, very fast, and just enough for the batsman.
FOUR runs, the bowler lets it go, and Rayudu misfields as well! Tossed up on middle, and the batsman smacks it straight past the bowler. He chooses not to get his hand behind it, but Rayudu - at long off - can't intercept either.
1 run, goes or a biggish swing first ball outside off, into the covers for one.
FOUR runs, half-volleys won't create magic. the batsman lofts him over that man in the circle, the mid-off.
no run, goes for the yorker, but the batsman gives the bowler a chase, effectively turning it into a low full toss. Mistimed back to the bowler.
SIX runs, over deep midwicket! Length ball at leg stump, steps down and a little down leg side. Allows it to skid on and arches his body as he pulls out an old-fashioned slog.
1 wide, the bowler steams in, but pulls out of the delivery as he gets to the crease, holding onto the ball, and when he delivers the second attempt, he sprays it down the leg side. Nerves?.
1 run, some turn on this offbreak, worked to leg for one.
2 runs, clean inside-out strike over the infield, down to sweeper cover. Got more elevation this time, safe however.
1 run, good length on the stumps, pushed off the front foot to mid-off and they take a quick single. That was 148 kph.
1 run, another short ball, 144 kph, Harpreet goes to pull but doesn't get hold of it. The ball pops up towards a vacant mid-on region, so safe.
1 run, high full toss, the batsman looks to go over cover but is hit high on the bat, they scamper a run. the batsman had given up. A direct hit and he was gone.
no run, slower ball on middle, pushed to mid-on.
FOUR runs, full outside off, and the drive's been pinged across the surface to the extra-cover boundary. Off the bat's sweet spot.
no run, back of a length, just outside off, and fended off the back foot.
OUT, rips out off stump. Yorker headed for off stump as Curran walks into the off side again to try and go behind square. Nutmegs him, makes him fall over and sends off stump flying out of the ground for his fourth wicket.
2 runs, slower ball, short of a length outside off. Through the slog early, can only drag it over midwicket.
1 wide, and he starts off with a wide down the leg side. Sharma won't be happy he has missed out. This could have been pulled for a six.
1 wide, too short and it just takes off after pitching, over the batsman's head, a wide.
1 run, fenced into the covers for another single.
1 run, angling into his pads once again, and the batsman turns it off his pads to the fielder in the deep on the leg side.
no run, short of a length, wide, sits in the surface, hits the toe end of the bat on the cut.
1 run, length ball, angled in, cramping the batsman for room but he opens the face and runs it down to third-man to retain strike.
1 run, quicker one on the stumps, worked against the line to long on.
2 runs, back of a length close to off stump, punched to the right of deep point.
FOUR runs, short and wide again, slapped through backward point again! It's not getting much better for the rookie  .
no run, full and straight, 140ks, the batsman could have looked to play this square but is cautious, and pushes this to midwicket.
no run, short of a length, no room, the batsman opens the face, but can't find a gap.
1 run, uses his feet to get to a length ball and eases it down towards long on.
no run, use of feet to take it on the full, drives but cannot beat the cover fielder.
1 run, length outside off, pushed through the covers.
no run, looks to flay this cut but this one keeps a touch low to beat the underedge. On the bounce to Rishabh Pant.
1 run, back of a length once more, on off stump, punched to long-off.
1 run, full outside off, pushed to long-off.
no run, gets some inward movement off the pitch, the batsman is rooted to the crease as he blocks.
no run, good length and sliding into leg stump. Driven to midwicket's left.
1 run, length outside off, driven on the up to sweeper cover.
no run, gentle dab towards point, wants the single but is sent back.
no run, short of a length and swung into the corridor. Chopped into the covers.
no run, three dots to end the over, well bowled. Flat on middle and leg, driven back towards the bowler. the batsman happy to play him out too.
no run, keeps low, loud appeal turned down quickly! It was short and quick, the batsman pulled and missed but was struck outside leg.
no run, beaten on the slog again. Short of a length and across the corridor, looks to cart that in midwicket's direction on the rise.
1 run, quicker one outside off, pushed to long-off.
no run, length ball on middle, and angling into JB. He backs away to pull, but ball stays low. Hits his body.
1 run, length outside off, looks to drive away from the body, gets an outside edge on to the pads, that dribbles towards fine leg.
2 runs, full and wide outside off, but that's been smacked over long on's head. Taken in the deep, but that's a free hit, so he's safe! the batsman comes back for the second.
(no ball) 1 run, awkward half-pull as this short ball gets big. Definitely an area teams are targeting him. He backs out of this pull from outside off, and it's a bunt towards mid-on. But the siren has gone off, which means Bhuvi has overstepped.
1 run, full and straight, doesn't let him get under it, driven to long-on just for the one.
FOUR runs, that will make Dhawan breathe slightly easier. the bowler gives him the rare length ball, and Dhawan goes deep into the crease to loft him over midwicket.
no run, spot on this time. Close to the stumps, on a length, no room, defended back to him.
1 run, flat, on a length, outside off, driven to long-off for one.
2 runs, short of good length, cuts in off the deck, and he backs away and drops it in front of short third man for a quick single.
no run, bunts this with the spin to short third man.
no run, angled across again, the batsman has room outside off to free his arms and drive fluently, but can't get past a tumbling extra cover, who dives to his left to stop the ball.
1 run, presses forward to block a fuller delivery to the left of cover.
SIX runs, sitting up nicely for the pull, the batsman has muscled this over deep midwicket. Too short, not the best delivery to bowl at this stage. the batsman didn't get it anywhere near the middle but still managed to clear it.
SIX runs, too short, Dube rocks back to open up the leg side and wallop this over deep midwicket. Super hit.
2 runs, half-volley, on off, driven hard past extra cover for two.
no run, back of a length on the stumps, jabbed hard, back to the bowler.
no run, short ahd down leg side, 143kph and past his attempted hook.
no run, his first ball rushes on to the batsman, taking a thick inside edge of his poking defence.
FOUR runs, short of length around off, pace offered this time and Sarfaraz gets his timing right on the pull, four to midwicket.
1 run, slower full ball, tries to heave it away and skews it off the inside of the bat behind square on the leg side.
1 run, shimmies down the track and carves it to the man on the cover boundary, but not timed well at all. Just a single.
no run, looks like a googly, Faf steps out and wears it on the pad.
OUT, he strikes! It was the slider, came down again but the ball was much flatter and shorter. Kishan runs down, and is nowhere near the pitch. That means the ball has enough room to turn, it finds a big gap between bat and pad to knock into the stumps.
FOUR runs, Dhawan has been trying this since the start of the last over but gets it right this time. Shuffles across to go to the leg side, the bowler serves up a straight full toss, and he flicks this to the vacant square leg fence, Six hundred runs for Dhawan this IPL.
2 runs, veering into the pads, full, flicked away to deep square leg for one more.
SIX runs, that's the most expensive spell of bowling this IPL. Nabi bestows his country-mate with that label, launching a length ball on off stump away over his head. Those two wides made him bowl straight and now he gets punished.
1 run, full and slow, drilled down to long-on for one.
no run, good length on off stump. KW stays on the back foot and firmly defends towards cover.
SIX runs, he's muscled this over deep midwicket! You beauty! Stunning stroke. Length outside off, he just thumped it. Too much muscle, hit the triangles on the full.
FOUR runs, poor ball to bowl on a free hit, full toss on the stumps and he just thumps it straight back past the bowler into the straight boundary.
no run, length ball, and the bowler's consistently finding swing. the batsman was pushed on the back foot and pushed it back. It drops short of the bowler.
5 runs, short, and close to him, as he attempts a cut. They throw this down to the non-striker's end, and hit the timber, but it has deflected away to the unprotected long-off fence for four overthrows. Great effort from Pawan Negi, but it costs them four runs.
no run, length on middle stump, flicked from deep in the crease to short midwicket.
1 run, length at off stump, waits on that and turns it to mid-on's right.
1 run, gets of his toes to deal with a short ball angled into him at 150.9kph. Neat little flick through square leg.
no run, appeal for stumping here. Fired in quick outside off, and the batsman misses the sweep having stretched out quite far. He lifted his foot momentarily, but grounded it well in time.
1 run, works this from length towards deep midwicket.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off, and cut away to point. Well stopped, but the misfield allows the men to take a single. Timeout.
1 run, 127 kph, length outside off, punched to the sweeper cover.
1 run, fuller outside off, reaches out and gets some bat on it, a single to deep point.
OUT, excellent comeback! Shardul has his revenge this time and he's done him in with a real quick delivery. Bounced on middle to cramp him for room, the batsman late on this, gets it on the glove and lobs behind to Dhoni who takes a dolly. Shardul gives the batsman a send-off and Hyderabad roars.
SIX runs, six first ball! He's not exactly known for a 600 strike rate, is he?! Gritty, solid batsman. But this is a short ball down leg side and he awakens the home crowd - his home crowd - by launching this pull over fine leg.
1 run, length ball, just wide outside off, and guided off the back foot to point.
OUT, he has swept this onto his own wicket. the bowler bowls a full and wide carrom ball, the batsman tries the big sweep, and gets a meaty bottom edge onto the off stump.
FOUR runs, sweet timing on the drive. Full ball just outside off, keeps the stride away, stays leg side and this is all hands - full face of the bat comes down before a slight opening as he's about to make connection. Gets it to mid-off's left.
no run, legcutter, too full, but driven straight to cover-point.
1 run, short, into the hip, he gets inside the line to pull it to the right of long leg, but because he is off balance playing the shot, he will get just the single.
1 run, length, and he flicks it off his hips.
1 wide, slows it down this time, letting the ball drift into the pads. This time the ball slides through without turning to the wicketkeeper.
no run, beaten again driving at a fuller one that angles past the edge.
2 runs, slower ball at a length on middle stump, gets forward and flicks to long-on's right.
1 wide, full outside leg, and the batsman misses the whip off his pads again. Lucky for him, it went down the leg side once again.
2 runs, tossed on middle stump, the batsman uses his wrists and drives the ball away to deep midwicket.
1 wide, full on middle, but angling down the leg side. the batsman looks to swipe it over fine leg, but can't connect. Hyderabad will take the extra run though.
1 run, back of a length on off, and the ball hurries onto the batsman. Mistimes a pull, but it lands safely near square leg. Nobody there.
no run, lands the offcutter at length on middle and off, punched to midwicket.
no run, overpitched on off stump, and the batsman's leg-side slog doesn't connect. Inside-edge takes it to mid on instead.
FOUR runs, legcutter, too full, and Singh drops his back knee to drive him over extra cover. Lovely shot.
no run, excellent ball from the bowler. Extra short on middle stump, and the batsman flat-bats it over the non-striker's head. Through to long on, but says no to the run.
1 run, full on middle stump, mistimed slog to long-on.
FOUR runs, short and up at off stump, gets his weight onto the front foot and swipes this to deep square's right.
no run, cuts him into half. Cramped for room as he's beaten in an attempt to play a short-arm jab.
1 run, offcutter, back of a length and cramps him as he looks for the late cut. Chopped onto the body off the inside edge.
FOUR runs, outside edge as the batsman reaches out to a length ball wide outside off with a cover drive. Ends up at the third man boundary.
1 wide, full on leg stump, and the batsman misses the leg-side whip. The ball goes down the leg side for extras. the batsman was out of his crease for a moment, and Dhoni took aim at the stumps. But the batsman was in when the wickets were dislodged.
1 run, tucks this gently towards square leg to bring Shubam Gill back on strike.
1 run, legbreak, short of a length, outside off, punched to deep cover for one.
FOUR runs, back of a length on middle, but the batsman's prepared for the length. Backs away towards the leg side, and simply cuts it over point's head. Safe shot, and also the fifty partnership.
1 run, full ball, and he drops this down towards long on. Nearly carries to Vijay Shankar stationed there!.
FOUR runs, oh man, this is carnage. Back of a length, a bit of width, and the batsman slaps it away to the left of extra-cover to make it 19 off the over.
1 run, tossed outside off, the batsman presses forward and drives to the right of extra cover.
no run, hint of an opportunity missed down leg as the batsman is overbalanced! Looking to tuck it fine as it drifted in, fumbled by DK.
1 run, Buttler doesn't back up. Drifting length ball, bunted into the leg side for one.
FOUR runs, short and down the leg side, pulled away behind square for a boundary.
FOUR runs, floats it up too much and offers up a full toss, a rare legbreak that the bowler isn't in control of, and it's whipped away to deep square leg.
no run, straighter one on off, the batsman deploys a long stride and pushes the ball to cover.
1 run, well bowled, a yorker on middle, pushed to long-on.
no run, slower bouncer, just outside off, beats his upper-cut.
SIX runs, full on middle and leg, the batsman clears his front leg and goes boom, way over long-on for six. Shot.
FOUR runs, leaking runs! Good length on leg, and KW pulls this behind square. The man had just moved straighter after the previous shot, and the batsman chose that new vacant spot to perfection.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, chopped to backward point's right.
1 run, full, just wide outside off, and he drives down the ground to long on for a walking single.
1 run, short of a length, on off, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, short and wide outside off. Looks to cut and is beaten.
1 run, short of a length, wide, punched wide of mid-off for one.
1 run, back of a length, coming into the batsman, who chops it down to third man.
2 runs, on a length, outside off. Looks for the big hit down the ground, get an inside edge fine of fine leg for a couple.
1 run, length outside off, the batsman was once again backing away, slices it towards sweeper cover in the end.
no run, on a length, just outside off, defended back to him.
1 wide, thinks of carving the ball over the keeper, but withdraws from the shot late and wisely. A bouncer is way over the head of the batsman.
no run, slows this down, and the midwicket is straight and short to deny the batsman that single. Field placement on point.
1 run, tries to reverse sweep, but checks his shot. Full on leg stump, forcing the batsman to pull out of the shot. Still manages to play it towards the right-hander's cover area.
OUT, and they have got what they wanted. That extra wicket. Hit straight to cover. You could call this unfortunate and all but the batsman has played away from the body and neither not looked to keep this down nor tries to clear the infielder. Just throws his hands at a wide length ball, and Rohit takes the catch at short cover.
no run, short of a length just outside off, whipped to midwicket's left off the back foot. Short leaps to his left there and pushes it back towards the bowler.
no run, short, fast, and angles in to him, and he leaves.
FOUR runs, over first slip. Cramped on the cut in the corridor as this gets big on him, but he takes it on with a cut anyway. Faf has his right hand stretched and both feet off the ground, but he's not close to getting a finger on that.
1 run, full toss outside off, driven into the cover.
1 run, fuller, prods forward but it takes the inside edge to midwicket.
1 run, length ball on off, and the batsman walks down the wicket to work it towards the leg side. Leading edge takes it to cover instead.
1 run, good length and just outside off. Driven with the turn to long-off.
1 run, flicked in the air, but one bounce, down to the sweeper at backward square.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, placed in front of backward point for one.
1 run, length on the pads, tucked away towards midwicket.
1 run, drags it to short fine. A slower ball, short of a length. the batsman halfway through a pull before this ball lands.
1 run, short of a length, angling into off, he opens the face late, and places this fine of third man.
no run, length ball on middle, and angling across the batsman. Defended off the back foot towards the leg side.
1 run, drives the low full toss through the covers for one.
FOUR runs, in the slot, and the batsman finally hits one out of the middle. Slower ball, nice and full, just outside off. Just extends his arms through it to clear mid-off.
no run, full and slanted in at middle stump. Watchfully defended.
no run, length outside off, the batsman backs away and pushes it point.
1 run, fuller around off, comes forward and drives it towards long-off.
1 run, short of a length across the corridor, hangs back and guides this to third man with the angle.
1 run, slower offcutter. Short of a length, around off, drops this towards point and runs.
SIX runs, length on middle, Suryalkumar uses his wrists to drag it towards squareleg, no flourish of the bat and it sails over deep squareleg.
SIX runs, wristy flick, what a shot, what timing on that. Fuller on the stumps and the batsman goes back and across to flick it over deep square leg.
SIX runs, the batsman's first six. This time he stands his ground, and gets under a length ball to loft him over midwicket. More height than distance but still gets enough of it.
1 leg bye, slower short ball, the batsman early into the pull, but will take the leg-bye.
no run, short of a length in the corridor, defended off the back foot.
FOUR runs, slapped over extra cover. Slower ball, short and wide outside off. Waits on it as he presses onto the front foot and times sweetly to clear the fielder. One bounce, close the boundary, and over.
1 run, full toss, slightly high, and the batsman can't middle it as he sends it down to long off. It dipped a bit and the batsman came down the track so not a no ball.
1 run, slower ball on middle, pushed towards the covers with soft hands and they scamper one.
no run, slower ball outside off, backs away slightly and crunches it straight to cover.
no run, lbw appeal turned down. the bowler shakes his head as they discuss the review. Going down, perhaps. Short of a length and skidding onto his back leg as he looks for the whip through the leg side. the bowler is around the wicket, remember.
no run, right into the blockhole, squeezed to Moeen at cover.
FOUR runs, sprays it on a leg-stump line and the batsman whips it off the inner part of the bat past Dhoni to fine leg.
no run, late on the stroke, looked to angle this behind point. Length was too full. Beaten.
FOUR runs, slower length ball outside off, the batsman unfurls his wrists nicely. Opened it up nicely to slice this over point. Magnificent.
1 run, on a length, hits him high on the bat, goes for a single to square leg. The bat comes out of his hand on impact.
no run, quick, full legbreak, draws a dot.
FOUR runs, good length outside off, and enough width to free his arms. Stands tall and cuts it hard past the infield. No stopping that!.
no run, full and into middle stump, pushed to midwicket off the inside edge.
no run, another slower ball. Cutter. the batsman swings and misses again. The ball clips the pad and then bounces over the leg stump.
SIX runs, slower, wider, and Kishan finally gets one out of the crews, hitting him over long-on. Just a touch too full from the bowler.
no run, a wide yorker that is well executed. Jammed away into the leg side.
1 run, good length and in at middle stump, clipped to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, starts off with a boundary! Pitches outside off, and the batsman pokes at it. Opens his bat's face while trying to carve it towards the off side. Played fine.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched to long-off on the front foot.
no run, short of a length around the line of off, no swing and this is punched to extra cover.
no run, flat outside off, punched to mid-off from the back foot.
1 run, length on middle, pushes at it from the crease and gets a thick inside edge down to deep squareleg.
1 run, wrong'un which he gently nudges towards midwicket for a quick single.
1 run, good length on middle stump. Tapped off the front foot to cow corner for a walking single. A good over from the bowler so far.
FOUR runs, too full on the leg stump, Dhawan comes forward and chips it towards deep midwicket for a one-bounce four.
FOUR runs, gets the width and cashes in. the batsman is an intelligent player, and he deliberately cuts this short ball over point. Gets four for it.
1 run, belts this down the ground, on the bounce to Pandey at long on. May have flirted with the idea of trying to take this.
1 run, gets down to sweep a length ball and gets a top-edge through backward square leg.
OUT, sensational catch but he has taken out Kishan. Might not be the smartest thing to do with Pollard to follow. Jokes aside, though, this is an amazing catch. Slower ball from Sharma, and he hits it flat and straight of long-on, but Pandey puts in a full length dive to catch it even as it is dying on him.
1 run, length at off stump, steps out and looks to punch. Gets it to deep midwicket off the inside half of the bat.
1 run, quicker one to end the over. Lands on off and skids into his pads. Worked away behind square off the back foot.
SIX runs, short, sitting up nicely outside off, a loosener from Umesh and it's been smoked with a pull over midwicket.
no run, cramps him up with a length ball, defended to leg.
SIX runs, toooo goooooood! He steps out of his crease again, making just a tiny bit of room so that he can take the length ball and shows it the sights behind long-on.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and he drills a back-foot punched drive to long on for a walking single.
no run, fuller, on off, and he mistimes a front-foot defense towards the off side.
no run, lovely! On a good length outside off, and just about shaping away from the batsman. He tried to defend off the back foot but didn't account for the swing. Just past his outside edge.
no run, taken by DK but the batsman has reviewed immediately. He was looking for the ramp agains this good length ball in the corridor. Got entangled, and it seemed to hit the back leg and lob up for DK in the slips region. Was there bat after pad though? Doesn't look like it. And he's struck outside off. This will remain not out.
OUT, a yorker on the off stump, at 108 kph once again, the batsman cannot get his bat down in time and Capitals lose their third wicket.
FOUR runs, slower ball, but it swings down leg too far, and the fine leg is up. Clipped away for an easy boundary. The inswinging knuckle ball.
SIX runs, slog sweep! Full on off, and the batsman takes a big stride forward to get down on one knee. Simply swings through the legside thereafter.
1 run, slower ball on middle and leg from around the wicket, the batsman bunts a single through the midwicket region.
no run, the slider. Quick down leg, the batsman misses a flick. Struck on the thigh pad as he misses that.
no run, spins away from length on middle, defended back.
no run, tossed up, pitches on leg and straightens, and the batsman defends.
1 run, length ball outside off, dropped into the point region with soft hands.
FOUR runs, finds the midwicket boundary. Attempted front-of-the-hand quicker one from Shreyas. It's dropped short and sits up nicely for a front-foot pull.
1 run, loops it up outside off and gets it to dip just in time that the batsman's cover drive skews off the inside half of the bat to long-off.
no run, full, outside off, drilled hard to long-off. Turns down the single.
1 run, good length and just outside off, shuffles and punches to sweeper cover.
2 runs, Southee has a shy at the stumps from point, he can see only one of them and he misses as Lynn is miles away, he finally makes it and then even comes back for the overthrow. DK drove that straight to point and took off, Lynn wasn't sure and was nearly stuck on the pitch but DK was a long way down before Southee misses. No back up, little more mix up and that's two runs.
SIX runs, slogs it over wide long-on! the bowler seemed to be getting away with a quiet over. The extra ball costs him in the end. It's at a length, spun into the batsman. He lines it up and gives it a right whack.
1 run, flighted outside off, and the batsman check-drives. Hits it well, but Dhawan at wide long off cleans up.
OUT, a first-ball duck for the batsman. He comes down, looking to work the ball into the leg side. But he walks far across while looking to find his first run. The ball, a nothing delivery on off, clips the back of his front pad and then ricochets into the off stump. Not been a great start to the IPL for the batsman.
1 run, full, outside off, driven down to long-off for one.
FOUR runs, wrong 'un, and the batsman plays the wrong line, but it goes off the outside edge and runs down to third man.
SIX runs, slower, full, ball on off, the batsman lines it up and lifts it over long-off for his first six.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, backs away and cuts to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, full on leg stump, and the batsman goes down on one knee! Slog-sweeps behind square, and there's a huge gap near fine leg.
1 run, thick edge down to third man. There was a gully, but this is wide of him. Good length ball moving away off the seam as he drives away from the body.
no run, flayed on the up to point.
FOUR runs, doesn't move. Googly, tossed up wide outside off. Reaches out and drills it past the bowler's face. Long-off's has no chance.
1 run, full outside leg, and he backs away before inside-edging an on drive to deep backward square.
1 run, short of length on the stumps, goes back and drags it towards wide long-on.
no run, good length on middle stump. Spins into the pads as he looks to flick.
FOUR runs, slapped over short third man, and deep point can't intercept either! Too full, too wide, and the batsman has muscled a sliced shot behind square.
1 run, fuller outside off, and this time it's been driven past the non-striker to the man at long on.
1 run, slower length ball on off stump, opens his bat face and dabs it a few yards to the left of Dhoni. the batsman seems in a bit of pain as he completes the single.
FOUR runs, slapped up and over extra cover! Faf favours that area, and once again he makes room to set the shot up.
1 run, full outside off, gets to the pitch, flicks to long-on.
FOUR runs, And Chennai Super Kings' highest run-scorer hits the winning runs! CSK are IPL 2018 champions. Driven through the covers.
1 run, yorker outside off, dug out for one.
1 run, lofted through the line, one bounce to sweeper cover.
no run, that's much better. That's beautifully done, in fact. Draws him right forward by floating it up but makes sure to take it away from his off-stump, causing him to stretch forward and lose balance. Parthiv takes the bails off. Has the batsman slid the foot back in? Yes, he has.
2 runs, the paddle sweep now, takes it from middle and sends it over the keeper's head.
1 run, length on leg stump, looks to sweep and gets it to short fine off the thigh.
SIX runs, friendly full toss, the batsman gleefully accepts as he steps out and swings this straight back over the bowler's head. This shot is as easy as stepping out in Hyderabad and finding a biryani store.
1 leg bye, pacy delivery, swing and a miss. Deflects off the pad to the off side, leg bye.
1 run, good length and a speculative jump down the pitch from the batsman. Forced to reach out with one hand in the end and turn this towards deep square.
1 run, short again, on middle and leg this time, swivels to pull it behind square, only a single.
1 run, low full toss on off stump, driven to long-off.
no run, cramps Dhawan for room and the batsman can only chop it down by his feet.
no run, good length at middle stump, stride out and a poke to extra cover.
no run, overpitched on off stump, and that's been drilled to cover. Unadkat's halfway down the wicket, but the batsman sends him back. Will this hurt Royals?.
OUT, beautifully done! Done in by the googly. Full on middle, flatter, and Moeen comes down the wicket again. Ball turns away from Moeen as he looks to slog towards the leg side, and Pant makes no mistake.
no run, steps out and hits it back to the bowler, who hurls the throw back to the keeper.
1 run, short outside off, cut straight to sweeper cover.
no run, beaten by one that nips away late. Went for a drive, minimal feet movement.
1 run, short and just outside off, pulled to square leg's right.
1 run, length ball on off, the batsman moves across and whips to midwicket.
SIX runs, smoked down the ground this time! Pitched up again, the batsman knows what to do with those lengths. He stays still this time and tonks it into the sight screen.
1 run, on middle and off, worked to deep square leg.
FOUR runs, another slower one, but too wide. the batsman reaches out, cuts behind square, and pierces the gap between point and short third man. Genius.
1 run, goes back this time and cuts the shorter delivery to deep cover.
FOUR runs, classy! Full, wide outside off, and the batsman prods forward to meet the ball on the up. Firmly struck over cover, the batsman holds his pose after playing that.
FOUR runs, leading edge and this flies over short third man. This is a full delivery which he looks to flick. Lucky runs.
no run, the batsman ventures down the track, yorks himself, but digs it out.
1 run, once again gets forward and eases this down to long on.
1 run, full on the pads, pushed to long-on.
OUT, He survived in the previous over but the lost review doesn't cost KKR. the batsman chips this back and the bowler puts his right hand out on the followthrough to pluck that off running to the left. the batsman jabbed at this googly, got it high on the bat and it lobbed. Eden roars.
no run, down the wicket, drawing a short ball from the bowler, hit high on the pad.
1 run, high in the air before it plonks some five yards inside the circle. Too far from long-on. The bowler should have gone for that, really. It's a googly, and he gets a top edge as he looks to clobber it over midwicket.
1 run, stays short of a length, doesn't allow him a free hit down the ground. Hit to long-off for one.
1 run, short of a length, punched down to long-on. Excellent first over over the bowler.
1 run, slugs it off the inside half of the bat. the bowler has the batsman in some bother tonight. Another loopy one has the batsman excited, but the slog sweep is not timed well at all. Trickles out to deep midwicket.
no run, full on middle, defended.
1 run, on a length, no turn, the batsman uses soft hands to dab down on it. Single to point.
1 run, out comes the big sweep to a full toss but there is a deep midwicket in place, and Rashid does well to keep them down to one.
OUT, ladies and gentleman. If you ever want to see domination, this is what it looks like. Lose the toss, ask to bat, score 200, and reduce the opposition to nought for three. Swinging quick yorker. Searing and moving. Traps him lbw first on the toe, and then breaks his off stump. Bowled takes precedence here.
1 run, he will be upset that they have allowed the batsman the single. That is what he wants to do to get Agarwal on strike, and the bowler has bowled a good delivery to cramp him. But the man at point, Uthappa, misfields.
FOUR runs, swatted to mid-on's right. Short and just outside off, goes horizontal bat and across the angle with the pull. It's not off the middle but there's enough.
to Kohli, no run, Kohli charges at the bowler, who shortens the length and draws an inside edge into his pad.
SIX runs, clobbered over deep midwicket! the bowler pays the price for bowling too short, the batsman didn't have room to swing his arms but went through and boy.
1 run, low full toss outside off, and the batsman drives through the line. It trickles away to cover.
FOUR runs, spoils the over with a bad last ball, long hop that the batsman picks up from outside off and pulls to the midwicket boundary.
1 run, cuts away a length ball for a single.
no run, tries to cut on the off side and misses.
no run, hint of swing in, on middle and off, he defends on the front foot to midwicket.
1 run, shorter length on leg, he's backing away and punching to cover, they run with the stroke and a misfield on the circle allows the single.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, runs this down to third man for one.
no run, dropped! Parthiv Patel can't hold on with a one-handed dive to his left. the batsman and he are both expecting this to swing in. It does through the air before straightening. the batsman defends inside the line to get the edge, Parthiv takes a step to his right before leaping one-handed. Can't take it.
no run, back of a length, just outside off, and he goes onto the back foot to block. Ball rolls back to DJ.
FOUR runs, that's four. Flat down leg, the batsman helps it down to the fine leg boundary with a paddle sweep, a poor delivery and four.
FOUR runs, short, down the leg side, and the batsman helps it off his hip to the fine leg boundary. Fine leg was way too square to even think of stopping this.
1 run, on a length, into the pads, punched to deep midwicket for one.
no run, slower ball on middle, the batsman blocks.
FOUR runs, gets the width this time. Short of a length, angling wide, and he has punched this between cover-point and extra cover.
1 run, good length and a slower ball outside off. Mistimed pull to mid-on's right.
FOUR runs, slow again, this is too predictable, can't be repeating the same thing over and over. A length ball that's been punched over extra cover.
1 run, another sweep, to deep square leg for a run. May have been another googly, to avoid bowling in the arc.
no run, arm ball in at leg stump, tapped to midwicket from the crease.
1 run, chipped over midwicket! Lands safe. It was a short-ish ball on off, and the batsman was rather surprised. Checks his leg-side clip, and eventually lifts it towards the leg side.
SIX runs, in his hitting arc and this has vanished over wide long-on. Drifted in from wide of the crease, the batsman was waiting for it as he teed off like a golfer in style.
2 runs, a low full toss outside off this time, the batsman this time moves across and flicks it towards deep square leg, Shami from fine leg sprints to his left, uses his foot to make the stop.
no run, big appeal as the ball jags back, but might have snagged an inside edge as it thumped into the pads.
1 run, short in the corridor, gets on top of it and guides to third man.
1 run, a shortish ball outside off but the lack of pace making it hard work, pulled to long-on. He's doing a very good job.
1 leg bye, big appeal for lbw. Mumbai review it. He's looking to whip a length ball over square leg from outside off. It's a slower one and he's shuffles a long way for this. No bat on it. On-field umpire reckons that's hit him outside off and it stays umpire's call on that.
FOUR runs, sweet sound off this. Good length and pushed across him. Reaches out with an angled bat and pats it firmly on the rise to beat extra cover to his left.
no run, pushed into the offside.
OUT, splits the stumps! What a gorgeous sight. the bowler delivers - that's Capitals' last regular batsman gone. Wow. Length ball at middle stump. Backs away and swings across the line and this sounds as good at it looks when the ball splits middle and leg.
no run, full on middle, and he taps this with gentle hands to cover. Dhawan wants the single, but intercepted inside the circle.
1 run, length outside off, goes back and cuts it towards backward point.
no run, back of length and angling into him, the batsman defends it back.
no run, good length outside off, 146.3kph, shuffles and taps it on the rise into the covers.
1 run, length ball, punched down the ground for a single to long-off.
no run, 80.5 kph. Very hard hands from the batsman, which is why that ball almost popped back. A legbreak on middle, the batsman blocks and almost carries back to Ish.
no run, quick short ball, gets the bottom edge to short third man. the batsman has the right idea. He wants the single. Nortje sends him back.
no run, the bowler hits a hard length on off - neither driveable nor pullable - patted to the off side.
FOUR runs, short of length outside off, goes for the cut and finds the gap, a welcome boundary for CSK.
no run, drilled on the bounce to mid-off.
1 run, short of a length, at him, dropped at his feet for a single.
FOUR runs, whoa! Reverse sweeps his countryman to the backward point boundary, taking a quick delivery on leg stump out for a night on the town!.
1 wide, full and wide outside off, and Hardik attempts a expansive drive. The ball goes under Hardik's bat, but on the wide-line. The umpire calls extras.
1 run, short ad up at the front shoulder. Inside edge lands pitch side after his attempted hook.
2 runs, short of a length outside off, chopped to sweeper's left.
1 run, clears the front leg and whips a quick, flat delivery on leg stump to wide long-on.
FOUR runs, full, wide and fast, trying to stay out of the batsman's reach, but the batsman reaches it all right and drives this over point.
1 run, full on middle, driven through midwicket.
no run, good length and into off stump, can't get his watchful punch past extra cover for the single at long-off.
1 run, slower, at a length outside off. Poked into the covers.
no run, defended back but the bowler moves quickly to his left and fires the throw back at the striker's end. Rohit reacted quickly to get back.
SIX runs, the batsman forays down the track, the bowler pulls his length back on off, the batsman still launches it over the bowler's head, roughly in the direction of the sightscreen. Shot, the batsman.
1 run, length ball wide outside off, gets down and sweeps to long leg.
FOUR runs, full and angling away, the batsman drills this to wide long off where Karun Nair can't bend down in time to cut that off. Tried to parry it. Lazy effort, should've been stopped.
FOUR runs, back of a length and holds its line outside off, Dhawan chops an inside edge past the leg stump. The ball sneaks away to the fine leg boundary.
OUT, played on. the bowler teases him with a wide slow legbreak. the batsman is caught in two minds, eventually tries a late cover-drive, and the ball doesn't turn, and the inside edge crashes into the stumps.
2 runs, Dhawan looks to undo the yorker with a ramp but he is early into the shot. The front edge goes softly down the ground, and Hetmyer initiates the second and makes it.
FOUR runs, length ball outside off, was looking to back away but then moves across to scoop it over short fine leg, one-bounce four.
no run, good length at middle, gets forward and turns it to midwicket.
1 run, bit of flight outside off and the batsman paddles it away to long leg.
1 run, full on off stump, leans in, drives to long-off.
OUT, swung away, but this is a steepler towards deep midwicket. Sanju Samson is running IN, K Gowtham is running back from the ingield, the ball curves in the air and as it comes down, Samson oses balance and fumbles, but Gowtham has the presence of mind to take this on the rebound. Stunning win for the Royals.  Bangalore boys Gowtham and Gopal have booted RCB out of IPL 2018. .
no run, short of a length on off stump, defended to point.
no run, inswinger, draws an inside edge onto the pad. The second maiden in Sharjah this year. This one has a big cherry at the top in the form of Shaw's wicket.
no run, shortish, fifth-stump line, and the batsman is all over the place with his feet, on the move and in midair while trying to stab it away to third man. Doesn't get any bat on it in the end, beaten by pace and bounce.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punches to sweeper cover on the up.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched to extra cover.
OUT, in the air, and brilliant catch by Karun Nair. Looked for a moment as though this was the usual the batsman, making merry against spin early on. It was a back-of-the-hand variant from the bowler, not quite the flipper, but it slides into the batsman's pads, and he steps down the track and mows this over long-on. Nair moves to his right and slides in front to complete a brilliant catch.
FOUR runs, listened to you, dear reader. To be fair, NCN has provided him a plum half-volley, and he has just put it over mid-on for four.
1 run, length on middle stump, driven on the rise to long-on.
no run, pushes a shorter delivery to midwicket.
no run, short of a length and sliding in at off stump. Chopped hurriedly to short third man.
no run, carrom ball, full on off, the batsman gets a sighter and defends.
1 run, makes room, the bowler stays full and straight, the mis-hit carries to a full-length diving Yadav at point but this is a really really difficult chance.
1 run, full outside off, dug out to beat a diving Rahane at cover.
1 run, back of a length, pitches on off and spinning away, he stays back and bunts to long-off.
1 wide, too wide, trying to stay out of his reach.
FOUR runs, and a poor one to finish, back of a length again but on leg stump and not quite rising as high. the batsman swivels to pull it off his hips to the square leg boundary.
FOUR runs, another slower ball, wide, and allows the batsman to throw his hands at it. He might not have got it off the middle, but has enough bat on it to send it over short third man.
no run, a slower ball outside off, a big swing and miss from the batsman.
1 leg bye, length ball on the stumps, the batsman looks to play it on the leg side and misses. An appeal for lbw but denied. It hit the batsman outside the leg stump.
no run, length ball, pitching outside off but angling in. Nudged with the bat's open face to point.
no run, carrom ball, angles into his pads and he tries to drag this through the leg side, but cannot make contact.
FOUR runs, oh lovely wristwork. Full and pushed across the corridor. Leans in and very deliberately opens the face to slice this past backward point.
no run, tossed up, and he looks to drive this. Inside edge on to his leg, and it drops outside off.
no run, fuller, wider, outside his eye line, beats him on the drive.
1 run, dipping yorker at middle stump, flicked to deep midwicket's left off the toe-end.
no run, length on middle and nearly dragged back on to the stumps! the batsman stood tall and defended, and wow, that rolled back onto the stumps but the bails were unmoved. How fortunate was that.
1 run, length ball on off, and turning in. Worked away to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, full again, drilled to long-off for one.
1 run, full on middle stump, steps out and drives to mid-on.
1 run, fuller, straighter, pushed down to long-on for one.
no run, hustles him for pace with a short of length ball on the stumps, the batsman is on the move as he defends back with soft hands.
1 run, back of a length, punched to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, very full and sliding into the pads, the batsman takes this overpitched ball and shovels it with the bottom hand between midwicket and mid-on.
OUT, doesn't go well for the batsman! This is plumb in front. Full and fast, no nuance from the bowler. It's fired in at middle stump like he's giving him throwdowns. the batsman tries to flick that though and is caught right in front of middle.
no run, brings it touch shorter now and much straighter with that outswing, the batsman defends it back.
1 run, good length and pushed across the corridor. Looks to force a punch off the front foot. It's to mid-off's left off the toe-end.
1 run, length ball at middle stump. Shuffles and nudges this to short fine's right.
1 run, wide, full, and he smacks this towards cover. R Ashwin has hit the stumps straight from there!. But de Villiers is in, and it's also the bowler's arm that dislodges the bails.
1 run, short of a length and into leg stump. Forced to deep midwicket off the back foot.
OUT, the batsman looks to take on long-on off a spinner. Nearly goes over him, but this is a low-percentage shot. This is a slider, short and wide outside off, and instead of cutting it, he is looking to loft him over long-off. Not enough pace to work with. Caught at long-off.
no run, back of a length around off, 135 kph, defended into the off side. the batsman happy to play this out.
3 runs, length on middle, the batsman tries to heave it to the leg side, doesn't time it but manages to clear mid-on for three.
no run, tossed up outside leg stump, and the batsman tries to slog it towards the leg side. Can't hit it though as the ball comes off his front leg.
1 run, punched a little awkwardly to cover, but there's room for a single.
2 runs, just about eludes Cutting at wide long off. Saw the ball dying on him but went for the catch even at the risk of this bouncing and hitting his face.
1 run, full, but very wide outside leg stump. the batsman, however, backed away a lot towards the leg side. Bunted down the ground to long on.
OUT, a low full toss, the batsman looks to go aerial, over mid-off but ends up toe-ending it, Shami comes in from mid-off, juggles before completing the catch.
SIX runs, this is not good enough to the batsman in this form. Short at 133ks, not even chest-high. No no no. Pulled over midwicket. The sound of the shot echoes around in the stadium.
1 run, good length and steps out to that. It's almost yorked him at leg stump. Jammed down to long-on.
FOUR runs, ramped over the keeper! Back of a length, not quick enough, and Rohit opens the bat's face before helping the ball over Rayudu.
no run, half-volley outside off, driven hard, but straight to cover.
SIX runs, he was waiting for that, deposits this pull in front of square. Sails over deep midwicket. Was the bowler testing the bounce of the surface? the batsman got into position very quickly.
SIX runs, dumps a horrible full toss over long-on. That's about the most merciful treatment anyone can dole out to a ball like that.
to Pant, 1 run, nearly run out first ball. Short of a length, no room, the bottom hand comes off as he pushes to point. He is short by miles but the throw doesn't hit at the non-striker's end.
1 run, on a length, slow in the air, pushed wide of long-on but can't come back for the second.
1 run, short slower one wide of off, tapped to the right of backward point.
FOUR runs, slapped behind square on the off side. More flat stuff, more skid off the pitch with no turn. Lots of width on this occasion too and for once, the batsman gets ahead of Warner on the scoring. Deep into the crease and gratefully put away with a square cut.
2 runs, full, just outside off, and he mistimes a slog to fine leg. They run hard, and comfortably complete the second.
1 run, shortish on middle, angled in, and he pulls with the angle to deep square leg.
1 run, on a length, around off, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, length on middle and off, blocked off the front foot.
1 run, pitched up outside off, driven down to long-on.
no run, length on the pads, the bats,man walked across to work it away but couldn't get any bat on it.
1 run, length ball on off, flicked by walking across the stumps, past midwicket.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, allows it to come on and whips to fine leg.
1 run, length ball on middle and leg, the batsman moves across and tucks it to short fine.
SIX runs, comes down, meets the ball before it pitches and cleanly chips the ball over long-on to round off a successful Powerplay for RCB. Calculated risks, and he's still there. Well played.
1 run, length, angled in, tucked away towards squareleg for one.
1 run, full, slanting away from the left-hander's off stump, a bit of swing away too, jabbed firmly to the left of deep point.
SIX runs, on a length and outside off, but Faf had jumped across off even before the bowler had delivered. Merrily scooped away fine of short fine leg. .
no run, better line from the bowler - wider outside off as the batsman tries to sweep but it's out of his reach outside off.
1 wide, hits a length and goes down leg with Parthiv walking across the stumps to tuck it fine. Misses it, but it'll be wide.
1 run, slower ball, good length wide of off, he slaps this firmly to long off.
1 run, full on middle stump, driven to long-on.
no run, flat, angling in, punched to mid-on.
no run, starts off with a full delivery outside off, the batsman looks to squeeze this behind point but is beaten.
SIX runs, nonchalant. This is a short ball outside off at 144ks. the batsman aborts his early designs of trying to ramp this, and plays the pull over deep square.
2 runs, full ball, and he plays another attractive straight drive. Misfield from mid on, and that allows the batsmen to come back for the second.
no run, full slower ball, dipping outside off. Jammed into the covers.
no run, short ball, gets a little big on the batsman as he sways away and tries to pull, makes no decent contact.
no run, back of a length on off, and the ball's gone over the batsman's shoulders even before he can shape up to pull.
1 wide, length ball pushed well down leg side, won't get bat on it, will get a run.
FOUR runs, a fingertip on that from the bowler and he's lucky because that might have caused damage if he'd gotten more. the batsman has fifty. Holds this top order together regularly, and he's doing it again. Down the pitch to a short ball as he flat-bats this to the straight boundary.
2 runs, nicely timed but sweeper cover cleans up to his left. the bowler with the perfect amount of pace to play some strokes. Gets a short ball to climb in the corridor and Faf springs up and gets his weight into this cut shot.
1 run, shorter length, he's back and punching this to long on.
1 run, shortish outside off, chopped away to the right of deep point.
no run, a slower short ball at the batsman, the batsman backs away and looks to dab it towards third man, misses.
no run, short of a length, straight, holds its line, defended back to him.
OUT, trapped on the back foot and he reviews the lbw decision. Good length ball, seems like a conventional legbreak. But no, replays show that pitched on middle before sliding onwards to leg stump, where the batsman is caught on the pad trying to play the glance as this keeps a touch low. It's three reds on DRS and he's gone straight after the break.
no run, short of a length, outside off, punched to cover.
FOUR runs, heaved away over square leg for four! It's a slower ball, on leg. the batsman picks the length, stays back and heaves the ball behind square. The ball lands just inside the boundary.
1 run, tossed up on middle stump, flicked to long-on's right.
2 runs, overpitched on leg stump, drilled out to deep midwicket where there's a fumble.
OUT, Faf you stunner! Wow! What a fielder. This is flat and full, right in the batsman's arc. Which means he's absolutely smoked this, flat and to Faf's right at long-off. He takes strides across, jumps perfectly as it's in danger of whistling past him. Then the magic - the gentlest of landings after all the effort of sprinting and jumping. That landing gives him balance. and he hangs on, and is already in control as he comes down. Lobs it up as a formality anyway, but he had that down. Pure artistry from Faf, and he has changed the course of this game as of now.
1 run, tossed up on off stump. the batsman takes a big stride forward and sweeps it square to the man in the deep.
1 run, lovely shape away, the batsman laces this to Willey at sweeper cover.
1 run, yes he has Smith-like trigger movements, he completes his down-the-ground swings like Haddin. The latter is stylish. Single to deep cover.
SIX runs, makes room, it helps that the bowler drops short and the batsman uses the width to wallop this over extra cover. Off the backfoot, remember. Too much muscle. What power. Sensational.
1 run, full toss on leg stump, and the batsman can't put it away. Hits his front leg as they scamper across for the run. Another run added to the extras. They're reviewing . Where's the impact?! Oh wow, it's an inside edge. Excellent from umpire Erasmus, who had given it a run in the first place anyway.
no run, looks for the reverse sweep on the googly, but only gets a glove to short third man.
1 wide, on leg stump, goes to pull this hard, but deceived by the pace. The ball goes down the leg side to the keeper.
no run, excellently bowled, fired that in around off, defended back. Five dot balls in a row.
1 leg bye, slower in the air, down the leg side, they get one as he misses. Not called a wide.
no run, nicely bowled, straight and back of a length, played to the on side.
FOUR runs, length ball, wide outside off, but angling into off stump. But Sarfaraz displays no footwork, simply opens the bat's face, and glances a boundary past the fielder at backward-point! Classy.
no run, good length on leg stump, flicked to midwicket against the angle.
1 wide, short and way down leg side.
1 run, the batsman slog, skies and the ball goes almost straight up! But who wants it? Prithvi Shaw is close in , but it's Munro who runs in from long on   and he can't get to it in time! Really, that was Prithvi's catch. Munro had so much ground to make up, Prithvi was right there.
FOUR runs, punched past mid-off again. Short of a length outside off, gets deep in the crease and times the punch to perfection, no fuss.
no run, pitched up on off, driven to cover.
1 leg bye, 135kmh and angling in, Dhawan tries to loft it on the leg side but only gets a leg bye.
no run, too close to the stumps at length, once again steers this straight to slip. Surya looking to be too cute here.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, pushed wide of cover.
1 run, good length on middle, and straightens after pitching. Slight adjustment from the batsman, as he gets inside the line of the ball, and then simply nudges it towards square leg.
no run, full and holding its line outside off, big swing and a miss.
2 runs, full and wide, driven square, square enough of deep cover to allow them to come back for a second.
OUT, is this the game? the bowler has produced another wicket. the batsman finally makes a mistake. He has not looked to hit this one into a gap. the bowler has gone full and wide, and off-cutter. the batsman commits to hitting it in the air and over cover, which means he has to go all the way, but this is too far from him to get power behind the shot. Caught at deep cover.
1 run, full toss on leg stump, flicked straight to deep midwicket.
1 run, back of a length on off. Seams slightly away from the batsman, so he pushes it off the back foot to mid off. Calls early for the single, and they've scampered across easily. But the batsman tripped while completing the run. He looks slightly hurt.
1 run, length around off, comes forward and defends it back towards the bowler who gets low in his followthrough but fumbles, the batsmen scamper for a single.
1 run, good length and across middle stump. Brings out the reverse sweep but can't get too much bat on that. Trickles to backward point off the high part.
2 runs, smacked towards the midwicket boundary but Rashid Khan hares along and dives to save runs. Too short, and he picked it up early and nicely, pulled in front of square.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, sliced away to third man.
no run, a shortish delivery outside off, 127 kph. the batsman lets that one go.
FOUR runs, if you want to know about placement, look at that. Kishan simply gets on top of a short of a length delivery by using the depth of the crease and opens the face to run it straight between short third man and keeper.
no run, good umpiring. the batsman moves across the line, Bouls goes behind him with a yorker. Misses the yorker by a stump's width. the batsman wants a wide, but it is not called.
to Rahul, 2 runs, full and straight, uses soft hands to place it wide of long-on for two.
1 run, short of a length, not much width, but he manages to send it past the diving fielder at point.
FOUR runs, short of a length outside off, more confidence than he's shown all innings on this occasion. Gets nicely behind and drills this through cover off the back foot.
1 wide, good length and down leg side again, steps out and is beaten on the flick.
no run, de Villiers tries to put the bowler off by shuffling across, and then tries the ramp, but the bowler stays full and wide. Eventually de Villiers tries to go over the off side but is beaten.
1 wide, flat length ball sliding down leg. the batsman loses his balance while missing the flick, but manages to keep his back foot grounded as Nath whips off the bails.
no run, nice punch from the batsman but can't beat H Pandya at point. the bowler staying short.
no run, good length on middle and angling away once again. Crunches this drive square, but Yuvraj - yes that man - dives to his right and stops.
no run, another lbw, but the batsman has reviewed! Over the wicket, good length and straight, takes the batsman on the knee roll. Oh, wait! There's an inside edge. the batsman did review straightaway. Umpire Tucker smiles and indicates he had no chance of hearing that.
1 run, full and just outside off, drilled firmly to Rashid's left. He's stuck his hand out and that has flicked his left ring finger it appears. And he's in pain.
no run, short of a length, stays low, punched to midwicket.
4 leg byes, what did that come off?! Yorker outside leg, and it's a really quick delivery. DK can't connect, and the ball comes off his boot. Kishan dives to his left but can't get his hands to it either. Important runs for KKR to end the 17th.
1 run, the batsman makes room for the cut, and the bowler bowls a slower one, back of a length, just outside off. There's no pace onto the bat so he adjusts and plays a flat-bat pull to long-on instead.
no run, leans forward for the length delivery and defends solidly.
FOUR runs, full on off stump, wrong'un?  the batsman stretches out, rolls out a sweep and hits it to the right of a sliding Hooda at deep midwicket.
no run, wide on the crease, slower ball, beats his slog.
1 run, on a length, on off, pushed with an open face for one.
no run, excellent short ball, rising in towards the body, the batsman hit on the ribcage as he walks down the pitch to meet it.
1 run, middle and leg, full, clipped off the toes for one.
1 run, fuller around off, eased away towards long-off.
no run, another wide, but this time not called because the batsman has shuffled across.
1 wide, good length and down leg side, can't get the sweep away.
no run, full and just outside off. Makes too much room backing into the leg side, mistimed drive to extra cover.
SIX runs, drops short, the batsman responds by using the depth of the crease to clobber this back over his head, smashes into the sightscreen.
no run, down the wicket, the bowler pulls the length back, and the batsman can't beat that ring of short mid-off, cover and extra cover.
1 run, full on off stump, and he comes down the wicket. Effectively yorks himself, but manages to dig it away towards cover.
no run, beats him with the cutter. Fifth one in a row. This is fuller, inviting the cover drive before spinning away.
no run, shapes to cut but doesn't pick the googly, there's bounce on this too as he's cramped for room, rolls back to the bowler. Hit him near the glove.
1 run, length and in at middle stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
no run, short and wide, the batsman backs away, then goes back into the line. But the ball is well executed, just inside the tramline.
no run, full toss, tailing in, flicked to midwicket, there's hesitation with the running as de the batsman takes off and a direct hit at his end could have been tight.
1 run, good length and just outside off. Steps out and has a swing through the line but he isn't to the pitch of this. It's dragged to long-on's left.
2 runs, dropped in the follow through but that is hit too hard for him to have a realistic chance. Full ball outside off, in the line again is the batsman and drills it to the bowler's left, at face height. Bursts through to long-off's right.
1 run, full on off, and the batsman gives it a wild leg-side heave. Mistimed to deep backward square this time.
FOUR runs, unlucky! The pace earns Hardik another boundary. Goes for the wide yorker, and Hardik's wild slash takes the bat's toe end. Goes between third man and the keeper this time.
1 run, bouncer, the batsman goes back to pull it down. Gets a single.
1 run, good length on off, pushed to point for a quick run. Steve Smith fires in a throw but misses the stumps. Russell might have been in trouble if he had hit.
2 runs, back of a length and given room outside off, slashed away but there is a sweeper cover, so the batsman still doesn't have a boundary.
SIX runs, tossed up on the stump, comes forward and launches it over the bowler's head for a six.
SIX runs, full outside off, and just the right length for the batsman to get under it. Picks the offcutter early, and thumps this inside out over cover.
FOUR runs, too full some of these deliveries, and the batsman drives that nicely into the covers by transferring the weight of his body. Right in the gap for four.
1 wide, full and wide, too wide.
no run, quicker and flatter, he is cramped trying to cut and chops it back to the bowler.
1 run, back of a length outside off. the batsman opens his bat's face and runs it down to third man. Sliding effort from Fizz in the deep saves some runs.
no run, back of a length, and outside off again. Too close to the batsman for any off-side shot. Taps it towards cover point with the bat's open face.
OUT, bouncer over off stump, and the batsman's fallen with the scores tied! Opens up and looks to pull, but it's a hard one to drag from over his right shoulder, and he ends up miscuing it high, offers a simple catch to Vijay Shankar at mid-off. Vijay Shankar catching the batsman's just what this match needed, I suppose!.
1 run, yorker at leg stump stump, jammed to square leg with a closed face. Might have been a half-chance with the run out at the non-striker's end if there a was a direct hit.
FOUR runs, full, and he drives this down the ground. Lazy, elegant, and beautiful.
1 run, good length on off stump, drags the slog sweep to deep midwicket's right.
2 runs, well played again. Short ball outside off and this time it's a controlled square cut. Krunal runs to his left and puts in a slide at sweeper and doesn't even bother getting off the floor as he throws it in.
1 run, lbw appeal as he looks for the reverse sweep and fluffs it. Caught on the back leg. A good length ball turning into the corridor.
no run, length ball in the corridor, comes forward and shoulders arms.
no run, legcutter, around off, defended back to him.
1 run, short of a length, no turn as it comes on with the arm, pulled away to deep midwicket.
1 run, short ball, and he goes back and taps it towards short midwicket. Quick single taken.
2 runs, full, on the pads, and he tucks this away towards backward square leg, and rushes through for a well-run two.
1 run, takes the pace off again while also hitting the deck. the batsman is a little more aware of the bowler's plans now, delaying his bat swing just enough that he can time the pull shot to deep square leg.
OUT, S Curran has another wicket. the batsman has looked out of gas for a wee while now. He looks to whip a length ball to leg but gets no power behind the shot. Caught at deep midwicket. CSK back into this if there is dew later tonight.
no run, full and slides on just outside off, jabbed to point to close out the over.
SIX runs, goes wide yorker again, bowls a full toss, and the batsman goes across to loft him over long-off for another six. This is such efficient risk-free six-hitting. He is playing within himself, guys.
FOUR runs, top edge over the keeper. Goes regular pace for this one. Short and into the batsman's left shoulder. He's woefully late on the attempted hook, but he has four.
3 leg byes, full and sliding into the pads. Deflected off the outside of the pad as he can't get the flick away and fine leg cleans up to the right.
2 runs, low full toss outside off, hangs deep and drills this to long-off's left. Pollard does superbly to sprint across and slide to his left, but even better to stop himself from sliding into the boundary padding.
1 run, back of a length, and the batsman swipes it to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, length ball, and the batsman tucks this away towards square leg.
1 run, fuller ball, and he drives this towards long off.
FOUR runs, the keeper is back for a change, and the batsman walks at the bowler, who pulls the length back, but he still goes ahead with a flat-bat smack over wide mid-on. Not many keepers will stand up to the bowler.
1 run, short, and it sits in the surface and turns away. the batsman punches this down to long-off for one.
1 wide, another slower ball that is a wide down the leg side.
1 run, good length just outside off. No spin this time as it zips straight through. Chopped to short third man from way close to his body.
no run, has an absolute thrash at that, width outside off and room to free his arms, he does so with a powerful cover drive, but straight to the cover fielder.
no run, gets a good stride in as he defends to short cover.
1 run, he is going leg side every ball. Drags this length ball smack back at his batting partner. NCN ducks, saves himself, then runs the single.
1 run, on a length, into the body, worked to leg for one.
1 run, plays the big sweep shot first up. Gets a single to deep square leg.
OUT, short, and he has got his man this time! The trap was set for the batsman, and he falls into it. Short ball, angles across him, and he looks to scoop this towards deep backward square leg, but that's where Shubman Gill is stationed, and he gleefully accepts this. Young Warrier has removed both of Kings XI Punjab's top-performing batsmen this season!.
1 run, flat on middle, a thick inside edge to square leg for one. almost went through.
FOUR runs, walks into the off side and swats it over square leg. No one back on the line square on the leg side. This is a cutter, short and wide outside off from over the wicket. So the angle is well against him, but he's moved right across and found his spot.
no run, nicely done. Bouncer at an off stump line. the batsman backs away again to try and slice over slip. Well beaten.
SIX runs, tossed liberally on middle, full, the batsman clears his front leg and launches it over Pandya's head and the sightscreen. Terrific timing although it was in his swinging arc.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, 108.1ks slower ball, the batsman plays early and squirts it through the covers.
1 run, good length and just outside off, pushes towards mid-off with soft hands.
1 run, full on middle, and he shuffles across the stumps, before working a shot towards square leg.
FOUR runs, short around off, RCB keep bowling there and it's going to release a lot of the pressure they've built up, flayed through backward point.
no run, cutter outside off, runs past the outside edge.
no run, slower ball! Parthiv swings but misses. Length ball, just outside off, and Parthiv shapes up to slog leg-side. He's through the shot too early though.
1 run, dragged it down a little short, but Moeen doesn't try to pull very fiercely, almost guides it to the man on the square leg boundary, along the ground.
1 run, googly, short and wide outside off. Chopped to backward point's right and they steal a run as Mandeep puts the throw in.
no run, that's a the bowler special. A dipping yorker that swerves away late in its trajectory. the batsman looks to open his bat face and squeeze it past point, but the late swing beats his edge.
no run, full on off, comes forward and defends.
SIX runs, short of length around off, the batsman skips down the track, stays leg side of the ball and flat-bats it over long-on for six.
no run, good length and swung away wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, length on middle, tucked away to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, ah, too short and walloped. the batsman stays his ground and pulls in front of square to clear deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length outside off, steps out and chops to sweeper cover.
no run, big lbw appeal as this one swings into the batsman. He's beaten on the flick but that pitched and hit him outside the line of leg stump.
no run, length ball angling into him, comes on the front foot to push to mid-off.
1 run, back of a length, fifth-stump line, uses his wrists to whip it to deep midwicket.
no run, short of a length, outside off, punched away, but can't beat cover this time.
FOUR runs, gentle length ball, the batsman picks the gap he wants and slogs it there. Square of deep midwicket he goes.
1 run, short of good length, minimal turn, stays back and whips it to the left of deep midwicket.
no run, good length on off, and spinning further away. Carved off the back foot to cover. Almost lost his balance there.
no run, flat length ball on off stump, stays back and punches it back to the bowler.
no run, back of a length wide of off, 127kph, he punches off the back foot to cover-point.
1 run, wrong'un turning towards off stump, driven to long-off off the front foot.
SIX runs, have you seen that before?! Low full toss and the batsman slices it for six over point! Not a bad ball, only slightly inaccurate but these get punished in the death.
no run, short, angled into him, hits the elbow as he tries to fend it away.
1 run, short, wide outside off, and the batsman muscles a cut in front of square to deep extra cover.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, fended back to him.
SIX runs, that is out of the crews. Jumps at the bowler again, turns this into a length ball, and goes over long-on with a clean swing of the bat.
FOUR runs, brilliant shot selection. He sees the ball full and drifting into the pads. He knows fine leg is up. And he gets down low to sweep it well to the left of the fielder.
1 run, tries a big shot but only manages a toe end for a single. The wide line means Sharma has to reach for it. Warrier stays with his plan to bowl away from Sharma's reach.
no run, oooh, stays low. That's trademark Kotla. Dhawan is expecting the back of a length delivery to come up at least to his waist and is prepared to run it behind point, But it slips well below that.
1 run, back of a length again, slides in on middle, the batsman punches a single down to long-on.
1 run, slower length ball, drops to point with an open face.
no run, hurried for pace again. A short delivery on the ribs, the batsman misses this, and is struck on the midriff. Ouchy!.
2 runs, short of a length ball at off. An ugly hoick from the batsman. Off the inside half of the bat and running away from Cutting at deep midwicket. He sprints and lunges to his right to stop this.
1 run, whips this length ball from around off to deep midwicket.
no run, ooh arm ball past the outside edge. went with the angle from around the wicket, and defeated the batsman's push.
1 run, oh that was close for a run-out at the striker's end! Short of a good length just outside off, opens the face and drops it in front of backward point with soft hands and Nagarkoti is rapid as he gets low and has an under-arm flick. Would have got Buttler with a direct hit.
no run, squeezes the drive to point.
2 runs, just clears short third. Full and dipping outside off. Tries the switch-ramp and gets a lot of elevation. Chakravarthy doesn't manage to get under that after running backwards and takes a tumble after stretching out for that.
1 run, short of a length, slower, no room, the batsman leaves this in the crease and Bairstow still calls him through for a single.
OUT, big slower ball, at 99.9ks, wide outside off, and Patel is nowhere near it. Toe-ends this for a catch to short third man.
SIX runs, punched over the long-off boundary off the back foot! Or a back foot position, anyway. That is outrageous. Technically, he's running down at that, but he's static as he forces this short of a length ball. Straight bat but down to up, a punch upwards and it's gone a fair distance too. Incredible.
1 run, angling in, on a length, tucked away to long leg.
1 run, full, middle and leg, pushed to deep midwicket for one.
1 run, dropped short, steps out and under-edges the pull to short fine.
no run, good length and just outside off, mistimed punch towards mid-off.
SIX runs, pulled over backward square! Back of a length on middle, and DK simply uses his wrists to flick-pull over square leg. Lands just beyond the boundary.
1 run, on the stumps this time and it's driven down easily for one more.
1 run, on a length, angling towards off, worked behind square on the leg side for one.
no run, length at off stump, defended to extra cover off the back foot.
2 runs, full outside leg, and angling into the batsman who has stepped back to get some extra room. Driven inside-out to cover.
FOUR runs, it's too short from the bowler, on middle and leg. Smashed into the gap at square leg for four.
no run, round arm, fired into off, he opens the face and guides it to backward point.
OUT, the batsman holes out! A slower delivery outside off, the batsman backs away and chips an uppish drive to long-off. He wanted to hit that straighter, but the cut on the offcutter took that away from the bat, which meant he could only slice the ball. Tripathi just about holds on.
2 runs, works it with the spin from around off, it's between two fielders and they get two quick runs.
1 run, taps a length ball towards extra cover.
to Rahul, FOUR runs, uppish pull but straight of that short midwicket. Rahul finding some of his touch. Gingerly but getting there.
FOUR runs, length around off, stands tall and drives it on the up, through cover for four. Fifty comes up for CSK.
1 run, length ball, and he comes forward and pushes this towards extra cover.
1 run, full ball on leg stump, swipes off the inside half of the bat and can only get it as far as fine leg, to his left.
no run, slower short ball wide outside off, the batsman goes across, is right behind its line, but is early into his swing. Finally a clean dot for the bowler.
no run, shaping in from outside off, and Rohit leans forward and defends right under his eyes.
no run, fizzing through to the keeper, the left-arm line taking the ball clear of an ambitious wallop.
FOUR runs, length outside off, the batsman hangs back and cuts it behind square, timing it to perfection and down to the point boundary.
OUT, plays for non-existing turn and the ball shoots past the outside edge. But, hang on, has there been a stumping? Dhoni whipped the bails off, sure, and the backfoot has slid out. the batsman tries planting the foot down, but only lands it on the line. Done in by pace, no turn and lack of bounce.
1 run, length around off, punched towards sweeper cover from the front foot.
no run, slow legbreak, really full, pushed to short cover.
1 run, misses the run-out. The short ball to follow him, draws a top edge into the body. Karthik calls him through for a single. the batsman is late to start is out by streets if the bowler hits. the bowler misses.
1 run, good length at leg stump, punched to deep midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, dug in short, chest-high, straught, but he is off his toes to ride the bounce and run this behind square on the off side for one.
2 runs, back of a length outside off, jabbed away to the right of deep point, where Rabada slightly overruns the ball while trying to stop it and fumbles to allow a second.
2 runs, backs away - I think he wants to go over cover - but the bowler follows him and he ends up slogging. Off the inside half of the bat it goes, in the air, but between midwicket and mid-on.
FOUR runs, back of a length on off, cramps the batsman for room. He dares to pull and ends up splicing it over midwicket for four.
no run, sliding defense from the batsman! Full on off, and he came down the ground to drive at it. Checks his shot at the last moment, but his feet go sliding. Looked rather uncomfortable. Hope he hasn't overstretched his hamstring.
FOUR runs, awful bowling. Tripe. He digs a slower bouncer outside off with third man up? the batsman has four free runs if he makes contact: he does with an upper cut over Dhoni.
1 run, flat and straight, driven to long-on. No turn either.
1 run, a slower full toss, backs away and looks to club towards long-on, the ball hits the toe end of the bat, a single to long-on.
2 runs, back of a length down leg, nudged towards backward square leg for a couple, very neatly played by the batsman.
2 runs, full just outside off, and that's been driven with soft hands to the extra cover boundary. Enough time to take two runs and that's the batsman's fifty!.
1 run, short, pitches around leg stump, swivels and pulls to deep fine leg.
FOUR runs, full on off, and the offspinner has been turned off his pads to midwicket. Just a simple flick, and the power behind his wrists come into play this time. Caressed towards cow corner, and beats both men in the deep.
OUT, He has given him. Seems going down leg to me. They go upstairs. Beaten in flight completely. He is trying to pull a ball this is just short of a length, and also skids through. It pitches on off, doesn't turn much, and is this is a carrom ball? It is a front-of-the-hand ball for sure. So it sort of holds its line against the angle, and that means it is clipping leg. Huge wicket. Make that nine dismissals for around 90 runs for the bowler v the batsman.
2 runs, short of a length, into the body, placed to the left of long leg for two.
FOUR runs, how has that gone for four? 143 kph, full on off, a bit of seam too. the batsman now wants to work that ball through midwicket, but that away movement takes the outside edge and flies through gully!.
no run, a slow bouncer gets some bounce and the batsman lets it go.
1 run, a full toss on middle and leg, pulled away to deep midwicket. Very bad timing on that, under the waist.
1 run, slower ball at a length wide outside off. Reaches out and carts this off the toe-end to long-on.
FOUR runs, even Rahane can't do anything about this one. Short and wide from the bowler, and he has cut it away in front of point.
1 run, good length and slow at middle stump. Gets deep in the crease and clips off the back foot to deep square's right.
OUT, Samson settles under this top-edge and takes it. Front-of-the-hand quicker one, at a length and in at leg stump. Looks for the sweep and is through it early. It hands in front of short fine and Samson takes it easily with a couple of steps to the left.
1 run, low full toss, squeezed back to long on.
1 run, good length, slow and just outside off. Pushes with soft hands through cover.
no run, good length around off, the batsman defends towards point solidly.
no run, a slower ball outside off, the batsman is through the shot too early, toe-ends the ball back to the bowler.
no run, short ball climbing across the corridor, rapidly drops his hands to let that go.
1 run, slower-ball yorker, on leg, dug out for one to deep midwicket.
1 run, short and into the pads. Hits the pull straight to short fine. Disappointed with himself for missing out.
1 run, quick length ball, pushed wide of mid-on for one.
no run, very full and straight - near yorker - squeezed back. Two wickets and three runs off the over. Well done, the bowler. Sunrisers need 12 off 12 balls .
1 leg bye, length at leg stump, looks to flick and gets a deflection to third man off the front pad.
no run, back of a length outside off, punched into the cover point region.
1 run, short of a length at middle stump, pulled to deep square.
1 run, short and just outside off, punched to long-off off the back foot.
1 run, full toss at off stump, punched to mid-off.
1 run, short of a length, slower ball, opens the face, gets a single behind square.
no run, slower bouncer - it reads 140ks on the gun. Perhaps it just sits in the surface and comes off slowly. Beats his attempt to ramp it. Beats him with the slowness of the pace.
1 run, on a length, straight, pushed to long-on for one.
1 run, good length at off stump, punched to long-off on the back foot.
no run, driven on the up but straight to Vohra at cover point. Not much room to drive.
1 run, back of a length on off, and angling into Sky. Cramped, but manages to nudge it towards mid on.
no run, slower ball at a length, skidding low outside off. Looks to chop at that and is beaten.
OUT, this is even better. Too good in fact: he has been given but the batsman has reviewed it immediately. Lovely length ball, just outside off, holds its line, there is a sound as it passes his bat. the batsman contends the sound has come from his bat hitting the pad, but the Snicko shows a spike at the exact moment the ball is next to the bat. And it does also hit the pad at around the same time. So the benefit of the doubt has to go to the on-field call.
1 wide, slower ball, angled across but too wide and called by the umpire.
1 run, slower back of a length delivery, opens the face to point.
2 runs, good length at leg stump, flicked out to deep midwicket.
no run, stands tall and punches this length ball to cover.
(no ball), back of a length and slanted down leg from around the wicket, leg-side wide. And the umpire spots the bowler overstepping.
no run, short outside off, stays leg side of it and probably moved away too much as he skews it to mid-off off the toe-end while slapping it.
2 runs, drives inside out against this tossed up delivery outside off, long-off moves to his right, bends low to keep it to two.
no run, beats him with a good length ball that drifts in on middle, grips the pitch and then zips away past the outside edge like they're mortal enemies.
no run, length ball on the stumps, looked like a straighter one, pushed back.
1 run, low full toss at leg stump, whipped out to deep midwicket.
1 run, short, but Yusuf manages to pull this over midwicket. Comfortably played infact, and he'll keep the strike.
1 run, slower and fuller delivery that angles in, the batsman dabs this into the off side for a quick single.
1 run, good length at off, steps out and punched to long-on.
FOUR runs, paddles it fine and brings up fifty! Second fiddle so far, but today he's taken the bowling on. And he's sized up the teenager. Gets low - the line is always going to be at the stumps - and exposes the stumps to pick his gap.
no run, low full toss, the batsman miscues it to extra cover, the lack of pace, and possibly it dipping on him the last moment, messing with his timing.
2 runs, length outside off, leans in and nudges that to third man's right.
2 runs, full on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket's left.
no run, good stop. 133 kph, full and wide outside off. Dabbed towards backward point. Hooda runs to his left and stops a run with a dive.
1 wide, wide length ball, outswinger, 143ks, and some zip there. Betas him, but is called wide.
no run, length outside off, the batsman reaches out with his hands and tries to blast it through the covers but only gets an inside edge back to the keeper.
1 run, slower ball on the pads - he's gone round the stumps as well - the batsman turns it through square leg.
1 run, full toss outside off, sliced to sweeper's left.
1 bye, wild swing! But misses the batsman. Misses KL too. It was full outside off, and he tries to slog it over the bowler. the batsman looked for the release shot, but played it down the wrong line.
1 run, full outside off, drilled down to long-on.
no run, some dip and drift on this, but no turn. Hits Hiolder's pad.
no run, loud appeal  first ball for the batsman, but it's going down leg, the excitement for RCB makes it a loud appeal. It was angling in and going down for sure.
SIX runs, he's picked the bones out of that. Slower and fuller on middle, he backed away and belted that to the second tier in the member's stand. Wow, massive hit.
FOUR runs, goes short does the bowler. On middle and leg, and de Villiers nails his pull nicely into the gap towards backward square leg. He picks the areas to score earlier than any other batsmen I've seen.
OUT, taken at deep backward square by Samson. Got into a tangle running to his right, because Royals insist their deep fielders are in from the rope when the batsman is batting. So he runs to his right at an awkward angle and is actually nearly facing the boundary line as he leaps up and takes it just above his head. As he lands, he hits the back of his head onto the floor. The medical team have a chat with him and he's alright it seems. This was a slower short ball outside off and a bit of a blind hook from the batsman, only managed to slice it.
no run, full and straight, driven back to the bowler.
1 run, almost gets the block hole again, the batsman slams it down to long off.
OUT, 127 kph, looking for the reverse-hit! A full toss on middle and leg, the friendlies of deliveries to swing into the leg side, but he premeditated that shot. He can't make contact with that high full toss and the ball connects with the stump.
1 run, short on middle, and the batsman's quick to swivel and pull. But mistimed towards midwicket, which allows them to scamper across for one.
1 run, length on middle, shuffles and tucks it away to deep squareleg, they consider two but the batsman slips as he turns for it and they decide against it.
1 run, back of a length and angling across off, chopped to third man.
SIX runs, fifty for the batsman too! Back of a length on off stump, and the batsman opens his stance to swing towards the leg side. Flat pull over deep midwicket.
1 run, offcutter on off stump, and the batsman comes inside the line of the ball to clip it off his hips. Played to deep backward square.
1 wide, another slower ball. A big wide down leg. dealing in slower deliveries.
SIX runs, knee high full toss on middle stump, and the batsman nonchalantly muscles a flick off his pads. Into the crowd behind deep midwicket.
SIX runs, that's an easy one, just the kind of delivery you want as a batsman when you're out of form. A clean swing of the arms to dispatch a full, flighted one over long-on.
SIX runs, that is feeding the batsman's strengths. On a length, down the leg side, on-pace, and he plays his piack-up shot from inside the crease.
no run, goes round the wicket for another bouncer - and at 138 kph, with the angle cramping him for room and the ball coming up above his shoulder - it's really really tough to hook em away.
no run, bowled him with a legcutter. Full and smashes leg stump and deflects to short third. the batsman takes off for the run but is sent back. He was looking slog that.
1 run, leg-stump full-toss, swung away to Archer at long leg.
FOUR runs, lovely shot first ball. Shot of a man in form. Short of a length, at the hips, he gets inside the line and tucks this away through square leg. Long leg has no chance.
no run, a tad fuller  from the bowler this time, and the batsman carefully defends to backward point off the front foot.
FOUR runs, reverse-swat to the point boundary. Short of a good length outside off, sitting up nicely and he nails the connection on it.
no run, goes around the wicket to the left-hander and even the bowler - who rarely gets the ball to move sideways - is beating the edge with turn.
SIX runs, swatted over deep midwicket. the batsman has nailed this slog sweep against the offbreak. Good stride, clean hit. That's the fifty partnership.
no run, length outside off, watches it go through to the keeper.
1 run, only Pandya is appealing for the lbw here. Dhawan looks for the reverse lap here, and gets a bit of bat on this. Only a bit. So it is just the single.
SIX runs, massive! Oh boy, what a sweet hit! Length ball at middle stump, steps out and is not to the pitch but he brings the bat down from under the ball and gives it a full swing to send it way over midwicket.
1 run, wide length ball, driven on the up to deep cover. Pace on again.
no run, tossed-up wrong'un, swerves in from outside off, the batsman did not pick the variation. It was tantalisingly close to the off stump.
no run, short of a length, quick, on top of the stumps. Pushed back to him.
no run, bouncer, outside off, 123kph, he lets this go and it's not called wide.
1 run, leading edge down to mid off. Expensive over. 17 off it.
OUT, another googly, another edge! Oh boy. The lure of the dipping ball. How many batsmen have we seen fall to it tonight? Hard hands from the batsman - hard hands that are far away from the body as he looks to drive. Not near the pitch and a thick edge floats up to backward point.
1 run, the batsman shuffles across and deep into the crease to place this full ball square of deep midwicket for two.
1 run, uses the depth of the crease nicely as he transfers weight back and punches this length ball to deep point.
1 run, full on middle, pushed to long-on for one.
1 run, short, slow, the batsman won't get any timing into this. Just the single to long-on.
1 run, again, the wrong shot, I think. Short and wide outside off, DK sees a big gap at midwicket so he goes back and pulls wide of mid-on. A good stop from Sarfraz, running to his right.
no run, a cutter, offcutter outside off, 122 kph. the batsman misses an attempted drive, beats the outside edge.
1 run, length on off, slower ball, opens the face and pushes it to point's left for one.
no run, short of a length, just outside off, punched to point.
1 run, tossed up, he drives to long off.
1 run, slower ball at a length on leg stump, poked into the midwicket region off the back foot.
1 run, nearly played on. Short of a length, straight, he looks to open the face, but gets an inside edge onto the toe. They take the single too.
1 run, shorter googly, he's back and pulling firmly to deep forward square.
no run, a gentle loosener to stand. Full and swinging back in, defended by Faf.
1 run, flighted outside off, pushed slightly wide of cover, and Faf calls him through for one.
1 run, fuller outside off, and defended with soft hands towards cover. Calls early for the run, and completes it with ease.
no run, the batsman lucky to survive this one. He shuffles across early, the bowler goes behind him with a yorker, but it misses the leg stump by inches.
FOUR runs, short outside off, the batsman picks the length early, rocks back and bisects point and short third-man.
FOUR runs, full toss with mid-off up, and the batsman goes over the man for four.
1 run, offbreak, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, short of a length, no power into the cut, no run.
1 run, short and down leg side, gets up and hooks that towards fine leg.
no run, offcutter that the batsman can't pitch. It was short on off, and he had walked across to the off side. Hits his body, but rather gently, as he misses the leg-side whip.
no run, slower yorker, 112ks, the batsman jabs his bat down and the ball trickles back onto the stumps. But the bails refuse to budge. Drama in Mumbai.
no run, round the wicket, fired across outside off, he swings and misses, rebounds off Dhoni's gloves.
OUT, chopped on! Down the track but this is short and aimed at the batsman, the batsman is cramped and is in no position to pull, ends up chopping it on to his stumps.
1 run, full and flat on middle, worked to long-on.
no run, accurate, no room, defended to leg.
1 run, brilliant yorker, 145kph, the batsman can only dig it out to point.
1 run, short of a length at middle stump, gets back and pulls to deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a good length, at middle and leg. Punched to long-on off the back foot.
FOUR runs, swiped over square leg. Square leg and fine leg were both brought in for the batsman this ball. It's a slower ball at a good length, middle stump line. He goes forward and lifts this with an upright sweep.
FOUR runs, that's the fifty partnership! Tossed up outside off, but manages to pick the googly well. Lifted inside out over cover, and some good use of the feet on show.
1 run, good length at middle stump, shuffles and shovels into the vacant midwicket region.
no run, length ball on middle, the batsman jumps away outside leg and smears it straight to Stokes at mid-off.
1 run, full and wide outside off, driven to deep cover.
1 run, full on leg, but legspin this time. Swept off his pads once again, but this time only to fine leg.
1 run, full, on off stump, and tapped away to the leg side for a quick single.
no run, length ball on off, and angling in. Nudged off his hips to the leg side.
1 run, wide length ball, played on the up, to long-off.
1 run, googly, back of a length on leg stump. Flicked to short fine who parries it to deep square, unintentionally.
1 run, just over midwicket. Short ball outside off and he was shaping to pull, but that gripped and turned away from him. He had to drag it.
2 runs, a slower ball outside off, chipped over short cover for a couple.
1 run, good length and sliding on at middle, onto the back foot and flicks to deep midwicket.
no run, full just outside off, and tapped to cover off the front foot.
1 run, leading edge that falls in no-man's land at cover. He was moving across to flick it to leg, but didn't read the spin.
1 run, slow on middle, the batsman backs away and pushes to cover.
FOUR runs, full on off and the batsman drills it down the ground and a lazy effort from the bowler means that it races to the fence once he is beaten.
FOUR runs, stunning shot! short of length outside off, the batsman transfers the weight back and pulls it towards midwicket, one bounce and over the boundary line.
no run, quick arm ball, the batsman is cramped on the punch, but he does well to keep this out.
no run, pacier one, good length outside off, jabbed back to the bowler.
no run, on a length, outside off, small turn, defended back to him.
no run, big appeal for lbw but he was struck outside off. A good length ball angled in and he was struck playing the forward block.
1 run, short and into the body. Shapes to pull but is done for pace. Adjusts and guides it to third man instead.
no run, full and just outside off, driven with the turn to extra cover.
no run, bouncer, just outside off, he ducks it.
1 run, length on middle stump, flicked to deep square.
(no ball) 2 runs, dropped at deep square but that was a no-ball on height. Full toss at the ribs. Miscues the pull. Jadeja goes reverse cup to his right and puts it down which means a second and the batsman will be back on strike for the free hit.
no run, full, middle and off, dragged to short midwicket.
1 run, dropped short and outside off, the batsman leans back and cracks it away to sweeper cover.
1 run, eases this down to long off with the spin.
1 run, another slider, good length and at off stump. Front leg moves rapidly into the leg side to make room as he chops this to sweeper cover.
1 run, oooh, that cuts back in sharply off the pitch. The length is such that the left-hander thinks it is ripe to cut. But with the ball spinning the wrong way, the batsman has to work overtime in pulling the shot off.
FOUR runs, short, and he goes inside out towards extra cover. Just one bounce and over the fence, and it's fifty for the batsman!.
OUT, there's an appeal, and it's given! the batsman falls to the very first legitimate delivery he faces, and what was clearly a plan from the bowler has worked. He targeted the batsman with another bumper from around the stumps, but this one was bang on target. the batsman found himself in an awkward position, and he could neither get out of the way nor drop his hands quickly enough, the ball brushing the gloves on the way through to the keeper.
1 run, full, angling into leg stump, flicked to short fine leg. If he'd placed that better he might have got four.
1 run, back of a length again, jumps across to work it through square leg.
FOUR runs, another boundary off an outside edge Full on the fifth stump line, draws him into the drive but gets an outside edge that just eludes Warner, diving to his right, at a widish slip. the bowler has had no luck with edges today so far.
no run, lovely outswinger, left alone outside off.
FOUR runs, cracking lofted off drive! Not a half-volley but he just swung straight through the line, punching it straight of mid off!.
OUT, the bowler stays round the wicket but shifts his length. the bowler ventures shorter and wider outside off, the batsman loses his timing and his head. He splices a catch to Rohit at extra cover. the batsman was aiming for the signature loft over extra cover but it got big on him.
OUT, too close for the cut, and the batsman pays the price! Good-length on the fourth-stump line, and his shot takes a thick outside edge. Too easy for Joseph Buttler.
FOUR runs, full slower ball, hammered straight down the ground! He picked it early and smacked it like a bullet past the bowler!.
1 run, wrong 'un, that angles across him, and he goes back and forces it towards the sweeper cover fielder.
SIX runs, into the second tier! 127 kph, it's a full delivery outside off. the batsman doesn't even extend his lofted drive, he just times a checked cover drive. The ball flies over the cover boundary.
no run, slightly shorter and wide, but the pace was taken off. Chopped down to backward point,.
no run, lovely bowling. the batsman shapes up for the slog, but the dip on this means this is nowhere near his swinging arc. the batsman does well to abort the slog and just defend.
no run, short, and he goes back and punches it towards cover.
OUT, short again, this time he digs it in hard and gets it up to shoulder height. Much more difficult for the batsman to control the hook, especially since he had to fetch it from a little outside off. Miscues it, and deep backward square leg takes a straightforward catch running in from the boundary.
4 byes, beaten but Kings XI get four! Through with the pull even before the ball arrived, awkward bounce in front of Samson as he tries to grab on the half-volley and lets it through his legs.
1 run, drills this length ball to Williamson at the edge of the ring at cover.
no run, googly, bowled wide of the crease, goes back and flicks it towards short midwicket.
no run, back of a length outside off, hit to cover from the crease. Vital dots these.
no run, length, and he punches this towards short cover.
no run, on a length, middle and leg, some late swing to beat his attempt to work it to leg.
OUT, they've got Kane next ball! This is a gift. This is a sight - an angry the batsman. No way to tell why from here, but what we can argue pretty confidently is that there wasn't a run to Rayudu's right here at midwicket. Did Garg call for it and then change his mind? Can't think of another reason for this anger. It was a good length ball flicked to mdiwicket's right. the batsman was halfway down, and went back. The throw was wide but there was so much time that Dhoni could flick it onto the stumps and still catch the batsman a few yards short.
2 runs, short of a length, ho goes back and punches this square of dee cover for two.
1 run, fires this into the blockhole at off stump. Can't get the bat swing through this and he slices it into the cover region.
FOUR runs, slower ball, full on middle, the batsman swings hard across the line, doesn't get hold of it but a thick inside edge past short fine-leg is enough for another boundary.
no run, full at middle stump, gets the front leg into the leg side and drives firmly to mid-on.
1 run, pushed into the gap for another single.
no run, once again late on the forward defence. Gets a thick inside edge as he pushes outside the line of this delivery.
1 run, another simple flick to long-on. Looks like Daredevils have instructions not to over-extend themselves.
1 run, pushed through on middle, not much turn, pushed down to long-on.
FOUR runs, swatted away to the mid-wicket boundary! Half-tracker on middle, and that's been pulled to the leg-side boundary.
1 run, works this with the angle to deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length, stump to stump, worked to leg for one.
1 run, draws a mis-hit. He has tossed it up, but the ball is shorter than what the batsman expects. Still he has mis-hit it so much that it falls well short of long-on.
no run, the batsman still struggling for his timing. SHort ball, and he looks to go over midwicket, getting the toe end back to the bowler.
no run, back of a length, straightening around off, backs away and cuts to point.
no run, slower ball, but outside off stump. Big wind up from the batsman, but he's through his cut shot too early. Mistimed to cover point. the batsman is disappointed to have missed out.
1 run, goes back to punch this length ball to long-on. Hurried into the shot because this is not short enough.
FOUR runs, short and this time it's a little too short and the batsman can rock back, control the stroke even as it keeps a tad low and lift it over midwicket and down to the boundary.
1 run, short ball at middle stump, pulled to deep midwicket.
no run, makes some room this time and hits it hard to cover.
1 run, goes around the wicket and angles it on the pads, flicked to deep square.
1 run, good length and sliding into the corridor, backs away and punches to sweeper's left.
no run, full nip-backer from the bowler, the batsman is late onto it as the ball skids off the pitch. He squirts an inside edge onto the pad and weathers an lbw appeal.
no run, length outside off, a nice looking drive on the front foot, straight to extra cover.
1 run, good length on off, and zips straight through. Punched off the back foot to long on.
2 runs, slower ball, back of a length, on off stump, flat-batted down the ground, past the stumps and to the right of long-on.
FOUR runs, straight down the ground! Full on off, and the batsman comes shimmying down the wicket. Smashes it past the bowler thereafter, and the bowler did well to ensure he didn't get his fingertips to it. That would've stung.
no run, length on leg stump, pushed to midwicket off the back foot.
1 run, cleared his front leg to have almighty thwack at it, but gets an under-edge to long-on.
FOUR runs, gets his hands up high to deal with the bounce on this back of a length delivery and somehow drives it through the covers. Superb timing.
1 run, slow in the air, on a length, wicket to wicket, punched to deep cover for one.
1 run, full on off, and Mavi drags this towards the leg side. Manages to muscle this towards long on.
no run, good length outside off. Swishes inside the line of that on the front foot and is beaten.
OUT, he's picked out long-off. Warner's the fielder there and he's not going to drop too many. Full outside off but the batsman couldn't get properly underneath it. Was giving himself room and looking to go over extra cover, ends up spooning to long-off where Warner runs in and completes a smart catch.
1 run, rides the bounce of this short one outside off and chops a single to deep third man.
1 run, full outside off, looks to crunch it through the covers, thick inside edge down to long-on.
no run, the batsman now attempts a reverse-sweep and gloves it to short third man.
2 runs, slower ball just outside off, pushed through the covers with an open face.
no run, quicker one, length ball outside off and zipping through. Fended off the back foot.
1 run, good length outside off, looks to force the punch through covers. Comes off the inside half to mid-off.
FOUR runs, a touch fuller outside off, the batsman comes forward and looks to go over extra cover, the bottom hand comes off the bat as the ball travels over backward point and dribbles towards the boundary.
SIX runs, short on middle, but not too fast. Suryakumar pulls, and although that's taken the top edge, it manages to clear the backward square boundary. Mighty close.
no run, on a length, outside off, no turn, dabbed to cover-point.
1 run, punched past point.
SIX runs, tossed up outside off, and that's been smacked over long on! In the batsman's arc, and he makes full use off the lack of spin.
no run, squirts this to short third man, read the googly, but was ambling down aimlessly until he was sent back.
no run, length on off, extra bounce for the bowler as the batsman tries to push it to the off side and misses.
FOUR runs, bottom edge, beats the keeper to the third man boundary. Looked to blast this short ball through point. Lucky runs, but he'll take those.
1 run, good length and into leg stump. Pulled aerially to deep square's left.
no run, back of a length and outside off, leans back and steers to point.
2 runs, full ball, and he flicks this to the left of deep midwicket. They run hard, and they pick up two.
2 runs, full outside off, and a bit of swing away. Driven firmly to cover, where there's a slight misfield.
OUT, vital breakthrough! Parthiv can barely drag himself from the crease. He plays across the line at a floaty googly, and a leading edge loops very tamely to his captain at cover. Parthiv looks suspiciously at the pitch as he trudges off, but this dismissal was down to good bowling and a loose stroke.
no run, works this shortish delivery to square leg, cramped for room once again.
OUT, Bushnoi strikes. Wrong'un outside leg, the batsman goes for the aerial sweep, just that degree of spin means the connection is not the sweetest, and even on these short boundaries, that results in a catch at deep backward square leg.
1 run, quicker one from the front of the hand on middle, Dhawan goes down on one knee and sweeps it along the ground to deep squareleg.
1 run, slower, short ball outside off, 102.7ks outside off, the batsman waits and flat-bats it in the air. the bowler leaps but can only finger-tip it away.
1 run, lovely bowling. the batsman shimmies down, the bowler bowls a legbreak at just 73ks. it dips and it turns. the batsman has to show respect. Takes a single to leg.
no run, flatter delivery going wide of off stump, the batsman goes for the reverse hit and misses it completely, it's wide of the wide crease but not given because he changed his stance.
FOUR runs, smokes it between point and cover. Whew. Gets his shoulders into this and no one moves. Slower ball, skidding on from a length with a lot of width. He chops at it so hard. What power.
1 run, the bowler lobs a full-toss outside off, the batsman rocks forward and drives to the right of long-off and left of sweeper.
1 run, length, and he plays this away towards square leg.
no run, slower ball, fairly full, on off stump. No real front-foot stride as the batsman looks to compensate with his wrists and drive through cover. Ends up sending a leading edge towards backward point.
OUT, emotion from the batsman. He has missed out on a hundred. What a seed from the bowler. Yorker on leg. Maybe just six inches short of one. It goes past the inside edge, hits the pad, and ricochets into the wicket. the batsman is looking to kick the ground with his bat but loses control and the bat flies towards midwicket. And then a nice tough. He forgets the bat, and shakes the bowler's hand. the batsman walks back with the helmet on the top of his bat handle. The only man with two 99s in the IPL.
FOUR runs, slashed over point. They had a fielder back there last over, but not now. And he bowls short and wide. Curran chops at it without any intent to keep it down.
1 run, flat dart on middle stump, here comes the batsman. Down the track and clipped down the ground for one.
no run, and he's bowling like he has a red ball in his hand. Back of a length, angling in and straightening away in the fourth-stump channel. the batsman is on the hop and looking to defend and the ball beats his outside edge.
1 wide, this one is a wide was it turns and goes wider than the line.
FOUR runs, just outside off and the batsman gets a reverse sweep on that one, no power only guides it fine and gets four.
1 run, grips this drier ball better. Nearly a yorker outside off. Steered to third man for one.
2 runs, full on leg stump, and the batsman can't whip this away. Hits his boot and rolls away to square leg.
2 runs, slider, middle and leg, pushed with soft hands to long-on and they come back for two.
SIX runs, steps out, gets to the pitch of the ball to smother it and whips this over deep midwicket, his favourite scoring area. That's the first six of the match.
FOUR runs, beats short third to the right. Good length and just outside off, waits on that, opens the face at the perfect moment and splits the two fielders behind square on the off side.
no run, quick length ball, defended back to him.
no run, fuller this time, and the batsman swings past it as he looks to wallop this down the ground.
no run, short of a length just outside off, pushed back down the pitch off the back foot.
1 run, good length outside off, shuffles and watchfully pushes this to long-on.
1 run, stayed back to this fuller length one to chop it away, but gets the bottom edge. Lucky for him, it rolls past the stumps.
no run, lucky to get away with that short delivery. Too much width but this kept low to beat the underedge.
1 run, good length and in at leg stump, flicked to deep backward square.
no run, length outside off, airy-fairy drive from de Villiers, beaten on the outside edge.
OUT, mix-up and Shakib will be shown the way eventually. Got none of that from his partner. It's an offcutter that the batsman taps in front of short midwicket with soft hands. Takes the instinctive two steps forward but without a call. No call from Shakib either - they're both looking at the ball. There's no run there. Shakib is halfway down. Midwicket swivels and takes the non-striker's stumps down on the bounce .ah hang on. We've looked at the replays and it sounds like the batsman said yes first and then no.
no run, inside edged onto pad. dips nicely on the batsman who was coming forward to defend, and takes the inside edge onto pad.
no run, full and just outside off, check-drive into the covers.
1 run, length ball around off, goes for the pull but mistimes it towards deep square leg, only a single. More like a drag than a pull.
1 run, plays back to this full delivery on the stumps, works it towards backward point with soft hands.
1 run, full and wide outside off, and this time he inside-edges the drive towards the keeper's left. They steal the single. Mumbai Indians finish on 181 for 4.
no run, wrong'un, outside leg, on a length, defended to him.
FOUR runs, similar ball, too full on off, Dhawan clears his front leg and muscles a drive between the bowler and Saha now. No stopping that.
no run, oh my. That's right in the arc. A short offcutter on middle and leg. the batsman attempts a ramp over short fine leg, but shuffles across and is through his shot too early. Goes over leg stump.
no run, short ball outside off, under-edges the cut towards point.
1 run, full and driven to long-on.
FOUR runs, swept wide of short fine leg. Used the pace beautifully to paddle. 23 off the over.
1 run, on a length, outside off, he opens the face to get a single to third man.
OUT, a 142.6kph bouncer, the batsman goes back and pulls it towards fine leg, cramped a bit. Negi sprints to his right, jumps in the air and takes it with both hands.
1 run, short and outside off, the batsman chops it to point.
1 run, slower length ball around middle and leg, drops it into the off side for a quick one.
1 run, good length on leg stump, and spinning into the batsman's body. Punched to long on for a walking single.
FOUR runs, full and wide outside off, 144.9ks, backs away and carves a drive through cover-point. Nobody in the deep to cut that off.
no run, length ball outside off, punched to cover.
no run, makes room to try to go over the off side, but is beaten outside off.
no run, finds the length and line. Short of driving length, just outside off, slight swing away. Pushed to cover.
1 wide, fired wide outside off, and he leaves this. Called a wide as well.
1 wide, wrong'un. Shows him the wristspin, and bowls the googly, but ends up sliding this wide down the leg side.
SIX runs, the batsman has top-edged it and fetches a six. Chest-high short ball outside off, the batsman can't get on top of the bounce. He swings his hands at a pull anyway and skies it to Mars. It drops down beyond the wide long-on boundary.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, comes forward, stays leg side of the ball and works it towards long-off.
no run, short and sliding rapidly away from off stump, beaten on the cut.
FOUR runs, launches it to the extra cover boundary! Minor blip in planning from the bowler as he goes normal pace and lands it right in the slot for the batsman to lash past mid-off's right.
1 leg bye, gets down for a sweep but the length isn't quite right, wears it on the pad as it rolls away to short fine leg.
no run, short of a length and shape into the body. Late cut straight to wide slip, on the bounce.
1 run, fires this into the pads, clipped to the left of short fine leg.
FOUR runs, flighted, and he hammers this from outside off towards midwicket. That's 96 for the batsman.
SIX runs, high full toss, angling in, just below the waist, but well above the fence. the batsman goes deep into the crease, and deposits it over wide long-on.
1 run, back of a length, a lot of bounce off the deck for the bowler. Surprises the batsman, but he manages to fend this away to the leg side for a quick single. Timeout as well.
no run, a diving Kohli saves runs, the batsman leaning into a drive that can't beat the RCB skipper in the covers.
1 run, good length, gripping and turning away from off. Punched to long-on.
SIX runs, what a shot! Oh, that's stunning. Arches back to a short delivery that climbs outside off and just uses the pace to help it over with a ramp.
1 run, length ball, and he goes back to punch this towards extra cover.
nan
1 run, tossed up on leg stump, but the batsman's up to the challenge. Swept behind square to the fielder in the deep.
1 run, length around off, spinning in to the batsman to take the inside edge on to the pads and roll towards short fine leg, the batsman hares for the single, could have been close had the throw been accurate.
OUT, the bowler bursts through the defences of the batsman with a sharp offbreak. Full, spins back in, dips at off stump, the batsman looks to run it down to third man from the stumps. He does not connect. the bowler hits the top of off and celebrates his second wicket.
no run, beauty pitches outside off, draws him forward and riffs past the outside edge.
1 run, full on middle, and the front-foot defense finds his outside edge. Goes to short third man, but that doesn't stop the batsmen from stealing a single.
OUT, can he ever? Can he ever? Back of a length, no room, Curran wants to go over mid-off, but ends up hitting him straight to extra cover.
no run, good length on off, and going across hid body. Tried to drive it square but through to Rahul in no time!.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked through midwicket off the back foot.
2 wide, full and fast, wide down the leg side. Called a wide. They get a bye too.
FOUR runs, sliced over point for the tie. Slower ball, length ball, wide ball. Slashes from underneath that.
no run, full and straight, driven hard, straight of mid-off, but Warner is quick and onto it in a flash.
FOUR runs, short, wide, the batsman has to reach it, but he throws all his might at it. He has cut this in the air, but has managed to place it between point and cover-point.
SIX runs, backs away and swings this length ball over deep midwicket. Great power from the forearms.
no run, flat on middle, and going straight through. the batsman goes onto his back foot, and taps it towards mid on.
1 run, short and into leg stump. Backs away and pulls to deep square.
1 run, full and straight, dug out for a single to leg.
no run, sweeps this from well outside off, and Gill has now turned down the single. He wants strike at the start of the next over.
no run, extremely full outside off, the batsman squeezes it out to point.
2 runs, tossed up and angled into the pads. Gets forward and tickles it to deep backward square's right.
1 run, very full, just outside off, and it's thumped through cover with plenty of bottom hand.
OUT, good work by the bowler there. Length ball around off, the batsman backs away and smashes it back at the bowler. the bowler goes low to his right, and gets a hand to it, the ball almost stops there and he then flicks it with his left hand on to the stumps at the non-striker's end, Nabi was way too out of his crease.
no run, sharply cuts in from a back of a length outside off and he punches it away to point.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, whips to deep square off the back foot.
1 run, on a length, on off, some turn, punched down to long-off for one.
(no ball), waist-high full toss way outside off, and the ball hits the batsman's shoulder. Tried to paddle it over his shoulder once again, but this time it didn't come off the bat. Ouch. Free hit as well.
FOUR runs, really full and sliding down leg, 143.6ks, picked off fine on the leg side past the right of the keeper.
1 run, short ball, jumps awkwardly, shovels it into the leg side with a half-pull. Another the batsman pull, another the batsman fifty.
OUT, timbahhh. Arshdeep gets the batsman. Looks like a legcutter to me, but it isn't. He has bowled seam-up and on-pace. Short of a length, not too much room, and Sharma looks to run this down. Too close to his body, and he plays on.
2 runs, length ball on middle and leg, Rohit works this into the gap at midwicket.
no run, bouncer, outside off, and he doesn't get close to its line and sways away.
1 run, dropped but this is a thick edge for a keeper. the batsman goes back to cut a shortish ball, and gets a thick thick edge. It is a big deflection. Not really a drop. The only way it is getting caught is off a deflection of the glove but it lands safe.
1 run, short into the hip, 137kph, he's jumping and working this behind square for a single.
1 wide, short and wide outside off as the batsman swings, misses and it's called a wide even though the bowler thinks it's not.
no run, misses out on a freebie. Full ball down leg, needs just a tickle, but what it tickles is the protruding thigh pad and nearly trickles back onto the wicket.
no run, susses out the lack of pace and punches late but finds backward point.
1 leg bye, back of a length, angling into leg stump. Looks to clip it away but he's a little late on it. Rolls off the thigh pad to short fine leg.
(no ball) 2 byes, no-ball as this slips out of Umesh's hands and sails out towards fine leg. Completely lost that.
1 run, inside edge onto pad, into the midwicket region. Parthiv looking to go behind square again. It's a full ball on middle stump.
no run, flatter delivery outside off, the batsman goes back and blocks it.
1 run, tossed up, and he drives this gracefully through the cover region and picks up a single to the sweeper cover region.
no run, googly outside off, the batsman reaches out to it and flicks to midwicket.
1 run, short ball, pulled between deep square and deep midwicket, but they don't come back for two. Is Rohit gassed?.
1 run, closer to the stumps again, eased wide of point.
1 run, slower ball, angled away, pushed to deep cover.
FOUR runs, shot. Classic the batsman. Length ball on middle stump, half a stride across off stump and a clean punch straight over the bowler on the up.
no run, misses the sweep again, struck on the pad.
1 run, flat and quick again, outside-edged to short third man.
1 run, Dhawan has dropped the batsman. The third ball hit to him this over. Du Plessis down the wicket, not to its pitch, hits it in front of long-on, but Dhawan spills it as his knees hit the ground.
1 run, drills this full delivery down to long on.
OUT, taken at deep midwicket! Oh boy! A matter of yards from victory, a matter of yards from an IPL hundred. Slower length ball outside off, gets down on a knee and brings out the slog sweep. Flat and right into the lap of the fielder at the line. Have they crossed over? That is all that matters right now.
1 run, quicker length ball, goes wider on the crease and angles it into off stump. Driven to long-on, showing the full face.
no run, length outside off, goes for the cut but only manages to chop it back to the keeper.
1 run, length ball on off, and tapped off the back foot to long on.
1 run, full ball, outside off, and he drives this to extra cover. Won't get two that he desperately wants.
1 run, nice little hit straight of long-off but not powerful enough.
no run, good length and sliding onto off stump. Chopped to first slip's left.
1 run, sticks with the slower ball. On a good length and angling away from the batsman. Mistimes the cut, but finds the gap on this occasion. Deep point cleans up.
2 runs, overpitched on middle stump, mistimed slog off the inside half. Long-on runs to his left and parries it in with two hands as it bounces up to his left. Pushes it into deep midwicket's path.
1 run, length ball, goes back and punches it past the non-striker, Agarwal at long-on is quick to cut it off.
1 wide, slower bouncer, but too high, and it is called a wide.
1 run, drifts in from wide of the crease, the batsman lunges forward to defend, get a thick inside edge past midwicket.
SIX runs, taken on the deep midwicket boundary, but tries to throw the ball back in as his momentum takes him over the boundary. His throw back in is futile because he has stepped over the boundary. A slower ball is smashed over deep midwicket.
1 run, full outside off, and he tries to drive it over cover. Comes off the bat's outside edge, and flies down to third man.
1 wide, full outside leg stump, and it's the offcutter on this occasion. Goes down the batsman's leg side though.
2 runs, back of a length, short delivery. the batsman splices a pull with awful timing towards long-on for two.
1 run, full and straight, worked away towards square leg.
FOUR runs, short of a length, no pace, and again stops on him a little as he swivels and pulls to deep square leg.
no run, short of a length and some outswing outside off. Left alone.
1 wide, wrong'un, but down the leg side.
1 run, good length at middle stump, defended into the covers with soft hands.
no run, back of a length in the corridor, nips away off the seam, the batsman jabs at it without any footwork and the ball beats his outside edge. Ishant's bowled a lot of this sort of ball in Test cricket of late.
FOUR runs, advances down the ground and meets the pitch before lofting this fuller one straight over.
1 run, rolled his fingers over that one again, 115 kph. On a length outside off, pushed towards cover-point.
no run, gets a good stride forward and defends this solidly to the off side.
1 run, yorker length, the new ball is certainly swinging. Parthiv digs it out to mid-on for a single.
1 run, down the wicket, beaten in the flight, gets a thick inside edge for a single to long leg.
1 run, full, wide, slashed to sweeper cover.
no run, short of a length, the batsman gets some timing into this back-foot drive, but hits this straight to mid-off.
1 run, back of a length down leg, some swing yes. Worked away down to fine leg for a run.
SIX runs, starts off with a loose ball. Defensive. Short here, looking to dart one in. Sharma pulls this up and over midwicket. These are not short boundaries so it takes a clean hit.
2 runs, not short enough to pull, rolls away through midwicket off the inside half of the bat. Absoiutely frenetic running to take two there.
1 run, yorker tailing in, squeezed out towards long-on for one.
SIX runs, walks into the off side and sweeps over square leg. Anticipated the full ball and was waiting, low and outside off. It was a full toss in the end and he just cleared the boundary there.
2 runs, tries the wide yorker and the batsman paddles it from so far to the leg side.
1 run, short of a good length, 124.7kph, just outside off. On his toes to punch this to third man's left.
1 run, back of a length around leg, flicked to the right of deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, too much width and he's slashed this to beat point. Used the depth of the crease superbly.
1 run, mistimes a drive to mid-off for a quick single. He got a thick inside edge onto the pad as it rolled to the fielder.
1 run, length ball around off, stays back and drops it towards point for a quick single.
OUT, Dube departs cheaply, googly does the trick. Was a length ball around off and spinning away, Dube looks to steer it on the off side, gets an outside edge and Watson takes an easy catch around stomach height at first slip.
no run, good length and sliding into the pad down leg side as he looks to punch through midwicket.
no run, back to his length, just outside off, staying low. Pushed to cover.
no run, short at the body, fended off.
no run, short of a length, hits him high on the bat. Defended.
1 run, that's the high-arm action and the batsman drills the half-volley to deep cover.
2 runs, this is a Mars-kisser (and it is visible clearly on this full-moon night). the batsman looks to pull again, and gets a massive top edge towards deep backward square leg. Parag runs to his left, and Uthappa runs back from inside the circle. Parag calls for it, and is perhaps put off by another fielder in his sight, and drops him.
1 run, full outside off, flicked to long-on for a run.
OUT, chops it on! Mavi has the batsman, Delhi has panic! 144kph hour, short and just outside off, in the corridor. the batsman leaps off the ground to try and cut, but it's too close and too quick. He's cramped and he's out.
1 run, short of a length, at him. tucked away off the hip for one to deep midwicket.
no run, flighted just outside off, defended.
no run, quick length ball, defended off the back foot.
1 run, short ball on off stump, pulled to the right of deep square leg.
OUT, in the air and long on makes no mistake! Full on middle, and the batsman looks to lift this over the bowler's head. But the bowler's a quick bowler, and he's late into his shot. Iyer from long on runs to his left, and takes a difficult running catch in front of the sightscreen. the batsman is not happy at all!.
no run, wrong'un, punched to point, Rahul wants the quick single, but the batsman sends him back.
SIX runs, oh lovely! He has sized these KXP slog overs bowlers up. It was going to be their big question mark, and it will remain so even after this innings. Walks across the stumps and handsomely picks this length ball over the squre leg boundary. All smiles after that, he knows what an incredibly shot he's just pulled off.
2 runs, just clears short fine and deep square rushes to his left to put in a slide. Bit lazy from Dube at short fine, who sort of just watched it go without starting a sprint back. Udana does well to pull it back with a backhand flick. It was an attempted sweep.
no run, nicely tossed up, middle and leg, defended back to him.
2 runs, slower ball, back of a length, the batsman doesn't get hold of it properly, pulls it off the end of the bat past the bowler. Runs two.
1 run, length outside off, leans in for the drive. Not to the pitch and this grips in the surface. Just past the bowler, high to his left.
no run, good length, starts outside off, cuts back in, the batsman has a big yahoo at it but only collects fresh air.
no run, comes a long way down the track in trying to work this flatter delivery to the leg side as he swings across the line, is struck on the pad. There was a stifled appeal, but Ashwin went up for a review immediately. Ball tracker says this would have clipped the outside of leg stump.  On-field decision of NOT OUT stays .
FOUR runs, the bowler comes around the stumps and delivers a short ball without much vim, the batsman leaning back and threading a powerful pull through the gap on the leg side to take Mumbai to the brink.
no run, good length and tucking him up at middle stump. Defended down the pitch.
1 run, googly? Shorter and runs away outside off, swatted down to long-on.
1 run, short and dug into the pitch, wide outside off. Makes him reach out and club that on the bounce to long-off.
SIX runs, gets one in his slot, well in his slot, and Gaule depostis this leg-side half-volley over wide long-on. Such smart batting. Nothing to do with length balls, and take toll of the full ones.
FOUR runs, short, outside off, and he cuts this, and Shami misses the ball at point. Perhaps a spot of dew that is affecting the fielders, but there are mistakes now creeping into the Punjab fielding.
FOUR runs, again short of a length, and this nips too far down leg. the batsman nicely nudges it wide of short fine leg into the short boundary.
no run, looks to smack the wide length ball on the up through the covers. But there is no contact.
1 run, nice connection on this slog, but it's on the bounce to deep midwicket. Good length and a cutter outside off. That's about the best you'll get with a slog on this pitch against a slower ball.
SIX runs, lovely shot. First boundary after the fifth over. Makes room to loft this length ball inside-out over extra cover.
1 wide, short and down leg side, left alone.
1 run, full and straight, defended to cover for a run.
no run, good length on off stump, pushed towards mid-off.
no run, over the wicket, short of a length, jumps behind the line and plays to the leg side.
FOUR runs, low full toss on leg stump, waits on it and clips that to the vacant long leg boundary.
FOUR runs, half-tracker outside off, and the batsman flat-bats it straight past the bowler! He tried to get his hands to it, but did well to not get his fingertips to it. That would've stung. Crashes into the long-off boundary.
1 run, short of a length, on off, manages to work this to leg.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, comes forward and pushes it towards long-on.
FOUR runs, beautifully done! the batsman does nothing more than keep his shape, wait for the full delivery to come to him, and then unleashes a whirl of his wrists that sends the ball over midwicket. Outstanding T20 batting.
no run, short of a length just outside off, punched uppishly to mid-off.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, straight-bat push to the right of extra-cover.
1 run, full on off, but turned off his pads towards midwicket. They collect the single on offer.
1 run, slower short ball outside off. Makes a bit too much room, ends up having to reach for it, at shoulder height that too, and chops it down towards point.
FOUR runs, the batsman wins this battle. the bowler offers a full toss on off stump, the batsman probably smirks internally as he bludgeons this straight down the ground.
1 run, length at middle stump, flicked to mid-on's left.
no run, right behind the line of the length ball as he defends.
2 leg byes, ooh that's unfortunate for the bowler. Inch perfect yorker, with the batsman giving himself room. It squirts off the inside edge past a diving Sanju. Tripathi runs around from third man to field it and keep it down to two runs.
1 run, googly, short and wide. Gets deep in the crease and cuts to sweeper cover. 71.6kph that ball.
no run, wide on the crease, down the leg side, and it is slow so the edge doesn't carry to the keeper. de Kock immediately says it hasn't carried even as the bowler is excited about it.
1 run, short and just outside off, cut on the bounce to backward point's left. Does well to get his body behind that.
no run, short ball, gets it high, the batsman keeps the pull down but can't beat square leg.
1 run, length, spinning in from around off, flicked to square leg.
1 wide, good length and very wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, back of a length outside off, he stays beside it and glides it to short third man.
no run, drives this towards short midwicket.
SIX runs, dances down this time and doesn't let the ball turn from off stump. Middles that and hits it against the turn with a big follow through over long on.
1 run, darted into leg, he clips this easily forward of square to the man in the deep.
SIX runs, short ball smacked for six! It's almost like he knew the shorter ball was coming. He planted his front foot towards the leg side as soon as the ball was delivered and he pulled the incoming delivery waaay over the long-on area for a massive six.
FOUR runs, shortish and just a shade outside off, the batsman angles his bat and chops it away fine of third man for his first boundary.
1 wide, short, angled across too much as it drifts out of the batsman's reach.
1 run, the batsman skips out, manufactures a full-toss, and flicks from off stump to deep midwicket.
OUT, Poor from the batsman. Full outside off, and Dre Russ slaps this over point once again. Slices it this time, and Pandey - at point - runs towards the boundary to complete an excellent diving catch! Slides across the ground after pocketing that. Pandey's been electric today.
no run, fuller on the stumps, clipped to mid-on.
SIX runs, stunning! How quickly did he pick the length there? Fetched it from outside off and pull it imperiously in front of square. Bowled at 144kph, went to the ropes at 200. Delightful.
1 bye, goes for the pull and misses it completely, slower bouncer. But DK doesn't gather cleanly so they get a bye.
1 run, length ball that jags back in off the deck, tucked wide of midwicket.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper cover.
no run, a low full toss outside off, looking for the reverse paddle scoop but he hits the ball back into hos body.
no run, now the orthodox sweep, but with the bowler taking the pace off, and getting it to spin away from the left-hander, he beats him again.
FOUR runs, sloppy effort from Rayudu gives the batsman his fifty. Launches this fuller one without much timing straight over. Rayudu runs across from long-off and slides across and sticks one hand out and lets it go through.
no run, back of a length and slanting away outside off, the batsman thrashes the ball straight to backward point.
FOUR runs, full and wide outside off, sliced over point. Was looking to go straighter than that but it's enough.
no run, good length at middle stump, defended down the pitch.
SIX runs, one handed six over backward point! What was that?! Stunning shot! Full toss wide of off, he reached out with one hand and slashed high over backward point into the crowd! Incredible shot.
1 run, short and in the corridor, defended to point's right.
FOUR runs, length on off and the batsman isn't sparing anyone here. Swatted past the bowler, flat and hard, straight down the ground.
no run, short and tucking him up at off stump. 143kph. Shuffles and can't get this glance square of midwicket.
no run, short on middle, the batsman looks to cut but can't beat cover-point.
no run, no sighters here. He backs away to hit a length ball back, and the bowler fields in his follow-through and threatens to throw it back too. All action.
1 run, short in the corridor, closes the face and stabs this down to third man who is very fine.
OUT, Prithvi pulls, but misses, and he's struck on the thigh. It looks high, the umpire's call is not out, but they ask for a review. He's not the tallest, though, and the ball wasn't climbing too much. But it's three reds, and the decision is over-turned! Excellent review there.
FOUR runs, past midwicket. Good length ball just outside off, friendly enough pace for the batsman to wait on the front foot and pull well in front of the fielder.
no run, short of a length, wide, and Singh sees freedom. He hits hard, but straight to extra cover.
1 run, picks the wrong'un, makes room, and goes over point for a single.
2 runs, shortish again, this time he slaps it to the right of the man at deep point.
no run, dug in short but this is just outside leg. Not called though. That's one bouncer for the over.
FOUR runs, the reverse sweep, this is a fierce hit that beats the diving deep point fielder. Changed his stance, bat grip much before the ball was delivered. This was a wrong'un so it helped him hit with the spin.
no run, bottom edge as he makes room to try to cut.
OUT, caught by Dhawan running back from point! Another great catch! The googly does the trick. It was tossed up, he tried to launch this against the spin over long on, sliced it high and square on the off side, Dhawan races back from the circle and takes an excellent running catch.
1 run, length on middle stump, punched to long-on with the angle.
no run, slower ball outside off, pushed to mid-off.
1 leg bye, flighted on the leg stump, hint of extra bounce, beats the sweep and rolls away to short fine leg off the thigh pad.
no run, full on middle stump, flicked to midwicket with the turn.
1 run, good length on leg stump, pushed towards long-on from the crease.
1 wide, slower ball, back of a length, down the leg side. Looks to help it to fine leg but can't make contact.
1 run, goes back and punches a leg-break down to long off.
no run, a full delivery on off, 135 kph, defended to mid-on.
4 byes, through everyone! Length ball on middle, turning into the batsman and he backs away to pull. Ball goes under his bat, it sneaks past leg stump, and then goes between Pant's legs! No bounce once again.
1 run, flat and straight, nudged to deep midwicket for one.
no run, short ball, banged into the pitch, and outisde off, and he ends up hammering it back down towards the bowler.
1 run, down the wicket, the bowler still keeps the ball away from his reach. Pushed down to long-on for one.
FOUR runs, back of a length and angling across off, the batsman aims for a big leg-side hoick and instead skies it over cover-point for a one-bounce four.
1 run, sees the batsman backing away to make room and follows him with a slower short ball at his chest. Jabbed down the ground to mid-on.
no run, short ball climbing up at middle stump, gets the front leg in the air trying to pull but is cramped and caught on the body.
1 run, thick edge down to third man. Length ball just outside off, reaches with hard hands and loses control against this slower ball.
no run, nicely flighted and dipping on him, he wants to work it away but gets a leading edge that bounces to the bowler's right, in front of mid-on. Well in front.
OUT, perfect start for Knight Riders! Length on middle, cramping the batsman for room so he tries going for the slog sweep but the extra bounce means that he top edges it to that man again, Russell, who makes no mistake at deep squareleg.
FOUR runs, guided past first slip! Length ball on off, and the googly is glanced off the bat's open face past the diving fielder at first slip. Nearly carried to him.
FOUR runs, sweet skills! Backs into the leg side and opens up the gap to mid-off's left. It's a length ball that slides on and he punches firmly for the boundary.
FOUR runs, the batsman slogs at a length ball first ball, and gets a healthy inside edge to the left of Carey for four.
1 leg bye, on a length, swift, into the pads, goes for a leg-bye.
no run, past the outside edge. Full and floated away outside off. Shuffles and looks to drive but is swishing inside the line as this goes straight on.
1 run, googly, on a length, flicks it away to the leg side.
1 run, very full, and the batsman has to reach for this drive outside off, getting the ball down to long off.
FOUR runs, too full on off, overpitched and the batsman hammers it down the ground, past the bowler, bisecting long-off and long-on.
1 run, goes for the late cut, and ends up taking the ball right off off stump. Clooooose.
no run, length at off stump, hurried onto him this time and he taps it down the pitch.
2 runs, short at off stump, swiped to deep square's left along the ground.
no run, slower length ball outside off, he backs away and punches this to cover.
no run, length delivery towards the off side, the batsman defends it carefully off the back foot.
SIX runs, now he has smoked it clean. Stays beside the line of a flighted legbreak, and lofts it back over his head, and hits into the insignia of Sharjah Cricket Ground at the top of the grandstand.
1 run, length ball, and he goes back and punches it with the turn towards extra cover.
1 run, quick straight ball, he makes room to get a single.
no run, cutter on a length on leg stump, the batsman is squared up but manages to defend.
1 run, good length outside off, punched to sweeper cover.
SIX runs, nice and full outside off, the batsman stretches out, uses his reach and nails a slog-sweep over the short leg-side boundary. Launches it over midwicket.
FOUR runs, full and wide outside off and Curran slices it over point this time and beats third-man to his left.
1 run, Moeen spots the batsman backing away to leg and follows him, the ball coming off the inside half of a wild swat into the leg side and rolling out to deep square leg.
no run, some turn for this legbreak, hit back to him.
FOUR runs, picks his spot beautifully. Mid-on is up, and he lofts this length ball over the man. Nearly 200 strike rate here.
3 runs, length ball outside off, flayed through the gap at extra cover. Long-off runs to his left and slides across. Gets a hand and seems to have done alright as they go upstairs to check.
1 run, full toss that has been driven to deep point.
1 run, slower offcutter, grips and bounces, poked to the covers. Well-deserved break for Suryakumar and myself.
1 run, low full toss at leg stump, 145kph, whipped along the ground to deep midwicket who steams in and keeps them to one. Nagarkoti the fielder, buying himself more room for the 20th over.
SIX runs, and punished first ball! Full on off, and the batsman comes down the wicket and lifts it over the bowler's head. Full swing of the bat.
1 run, short-arm pull to the square leg's right. Walks into this short ball and has to be quick with his hands. as it cramps him at the chest.
no run, back of a length and kicks up at off, squares up the batsman, pokes an outside edge to point.
1 run, short of a length at middle stump, mistimed pull to deep backward square.
no run, full, wide, and he looks for a free swing down the ground, but misses again.
1 run, angles in a length ball on middle and leg, tucked to square leg.
1 run, slips in a length ball on off, punched to Russell at deep cover.
1 run, full ball, and he whips this away towards deep midwicket.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, pulled down to long-on.
SIX runs, oh glorious! Goswamu backs away and launches this length ball from his stumps far, far over extra cover! That is classy. Uses his wrists to open the face at the perfect moment.
1 run, dab into the off side for a quick single.
1 run, fullish and outside off, whipped across the line to deep midwicket.
1 run, starts off with the slower ball. Length ball, but back of a hand. Faf comes down the wicket, adjusts his shot, and then tucks it to the fielder at square leg.
1 run, slower ball at a length on off stump. Gets on the back foot, dabs it into the point region.
no run, length, towards off stump, and he drives this but cannot beat cover, inside the ring.
SIX runs, the bottom hand comes off the blade as he goes down on one knee to slog, still clears long-on. Wow, this is a very cruel game to the bowlers, especially here at the Chinnaswamy.
no run, beats the outside edge. Short of a length and jagged across the corridor as he's pinned on the back foot.
1 run, length ball, chipped into the leg side for one.
no run, the bowler starts off with a quick length ball angling across. the batsman's feet don't move, and he is beaten on the drive.
1 run, yanks a full delivery from outside off through midwicket.
no run, short of a length outside off, tapped into the covers off the back foot.
no run, follow him down leg side with the yorker and he can only jam it back towards the bowler.
1 run, quick on the pads, nudged down to fine leg fore one.
no run, short of a length outside off, shuffles and cramps himself. Tapped to midwicket.
1 run, low full toss at middle stump. Drives inside-out but can't beat mid-off to his left.
SIX runs, smoked over long-on! He won't let the allrounders off! Good length on middle stump, steps out and meet it at the pitch to absolutely pummel that.
SIX runs, length ball outside off, seam-up, the bowler errs in length, the batsman clears his front leg and smites a six over long-on. Such a clean strike from the batsman.
no run, slower ball short and wide outside off. Under-edge on the cut to point.
1 run, good length on off stump, and the batsman carves this to point for a quick single. Gets Bravo back on strike.
FOUR runs, clattered wide of mid-on. Short of a length across him and he hangs on the back foot for the pull, gets it right off the middle and you can hear the echoes in the stadium.
2 runs, full inswinger at middle stump, walks at it and clips to mid-on who rushes in and misses the ball with the attempted single-handed pick up. Samad took his eye off too early.
SIX runs, tossed up wide outside off, the batsman reaches out, and slog-sweeps it against the break over the midwicket fence. Clobbered into the stands.
1 run, full toss, swung across to the leg side off the inside edge, down to deep square.
no run, full toss, hits his pad, on the full, the bowler appeals big time, but this is headed down leg. the batsman has just moved too far across to take toll of this full toss.
no run, the flipper from the bowler, hurried on to beat him for pace, somehow managed to get some bat on it as he squeezed it out.
FOUR runs, full outside off, overpitched and drilled through extra cover for four.
1 run, back of a length on middle, but angling into the batsman. He backs away to make some room, but can only chop it down to short third man.
1 run, length on off stump, dropped into the covers with soft hands.
no run, on a length, stump to stump, the batsman pushes this back to the bowler.
1 run, good length on leg stump, flicked to deep square.
OUT, another wicket for the bowler, who's keeping Mumbai in the game here. Back of a length, no turn, keeps going with the angle and cramps up Mayank, who was always looking to stay leg-side of the ball. Punches hard, but ends up popping it back to the bowler at around chest height.
2 runs, short of a length and at leg stump. Goes deep in the crease and punches this to long-on's left with soft hands.
1 run, short and outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
no run, oh, and guess what? It's not a cutter! Length ball angling away, defended back.
FOUR runs, misfield at short fine from Bumrah. This is dragged short and down leg. He pulls off the inside edge and Bumrah's just gone over it.
1 run, back of a length on a fourth-stump line, punched through the line to long-off for a jogged single.
no run, good length on off, the ball stays down a touch, worked to midwicket.
no run, the conventional paddle sweep, Sanju tries first up. It's the googly, hits the batsman on the body.
1 run, length outside off, flicks against the turn down to long-on.
FOUR runs, lofted over cover! He didn't time this at all throwing the hands through the ball and lifting it over cover. But he got enough of it. It wasn't a bad ball.
FOUR runs, too short and pulled away! That length gave the batsman ample time to stay back and hammer it wide of mid-on to the wide long on boundary.
no run, good length outside off, and takes the extra bounce! the batsman's a tall man, though, so he comfortably fends it away with soft hands.
no run, slower ball again, the batsman waits for it and punches, but short cover fields.
1 run, good length on middle stump, and the batsman drops his gloves on this one. Worked to square leg off the back foot.
SIX runs, that is a the batsman special. Oh how quickly he picks the length. This is just a length ball. Maybe inches short of good length, but the batsmans picks it so early, goes back, and pulls it into the road.
no run, direct hit has prompted the umpire to send this upstairs. He was looking to sneak a single on the leg side but was sent back by Williamson. It's a direct hit, but Dhawan has made his ground.
1 run, short of a length outside off, steps out and jabs it through point.
1 run, full on middle, and angling into his pads. Pushed down the ground - off the front foot - to long on.
SIX runs, oh sweeeeeet! What a clean strike that is. If any shot comes naturally to the batsman, it's this front foot pull over midwicket. Shuffles to get into Mavi's line outside off and when it rises, he swings cleanly from under that. Nailed off the middle to get off the mark.
1 run, full, straight, nearly a yorker, dug out back over the bowler's head.
1 run, slower ball but short on middle. Comfortably turned, off his pads, to fine leg.
FOUR runs, the batsman keeps beating the man at deep cover. the bowler is looking to sliders short of a length to bowl to his field, but the batsman has cut to the left of that man twice in this over.
2 runs, just misses the stumps as the batsman goes on the back foot again. It's an inside edge that trickles past the stumps. De Kock then runs in and takes aim at the non-striker's stumps. Hits the stumps too but the batsman is safe, as the replays confirm. He's also come back for a second.
1 run, slower short ball outside off, pulled away to deep square and Mumbai enter their fifth IPL final.
FOUR runs, too short and pulled so powerfully that McClenaghan at deep square leg can't stop it despite being metres away from where the ball ended up. Too short and he went deep in his crease again to swivel and smash it. Hit very hard and McClenaghan moves to his left but can't stop the ball.
no run, length outside off, angling in to the batsman and keeping a bit low as well, the batsman was looking to steer it away but the ball sneaks in between the bat and the stumps.
1 run, straight up in the air and dropped for a second time Prashant Chopra, the substitute fielder was under it at point, doesn't get under it and ends up diving to his left and can't hold on. This was a length ball and the batsman got a top edge off an intended pull, went swirling in the air. Plenty of time to catch it, or perhaps too much time, which resulted in the drop.
2 runs, back of a length outside off, and that's been worked off his hips to Dhawan at deep midwicket. Gently played by the batsman, which allows them to return for the second.
1 run, good length on off, patted with soft hands to mid-off and he calls Lynn through for the quick single.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, punched down to long-on for one.
(no ball), beamer this time and the batsman just manages to get bat on it as it flies at his mid-riff. Back down the pitch off the high part of the bat.
1 run, full on off stump. the batsman stays on the back foot and pushes to cover.
FOUR runs, drops just in front of short fine leg! And then goes through Gopal's hands. Full on off, and he shuffled across to the off side to try and ramp it over the leg side. Mistimes it behind square but earns a boundary anyway.
1 run, thick outside edge as he looks to go big over cover. Third man is stuck on the boundary, perhaps not picking that the ball is coming towards him. Eventually comes up to take the ball on the bounce.
no run, slower in the air, full, pushed back to Pandya.
1 run, short of a length and into middle stump. Steps out and is cramped on the cut. Chopped to extra cover's left.
1 run, goes across to play this into the legside.
1 run, good length at off stump, punched to long-off on the back foot.
no run, superb yorker angled in towards the base of leg stump, the batsman somehow manages to keep that out.
1 wide, he delivers a 113kph slower ball down the leg side.
1 run, googly, length ball outside off and spinning inwards. Pulled to deep midwicket.
1 run, length on middle stump, punched to long-on.
1 run, good length at off stump, pushed to short third with soft hands.
FOUR runs, lovely batting. The sound off that bat. Uff. Walks at it, gives himself some room, and punches him through extra cover. This is not a bad ball really. Short of a length, not too wide.
OUT, slides one across, Parthiv shapes to pull but this beats the underedge as he misses. In doing so, he dragged his back foot forward and it was on the line when the bails were whipped off. Stunning work from Klaasen. Parthiv's done his job though.
SIX runs, pumps him over his head! Superb. Length ball just outside off. Looks like a regulation offbreak from the hand, but it skid straight on and that was in the batsman's favour. Got behind the line and lifted it with the bounce. First six of the innings.
1 run, full and flat on middle, flicked to square leg.
no run, ah, how rushed was the batsman there? the bowler just fires this in at pace on the batsman's off-stump and the batsman backs away and just about manages to bring the bat down. A fraction of a second late, and he would have been gone. Imagine if the wicket had fallen that delivery! What a strange combination of circumstances that would have been to help KKR.
2 runs, fired quick and flat on leg, he pulls through square leg and gets a couple.
1 run, length outside off, slashed away down to third-man for one.
1 run, length and turning away from middle, gets deep in the crease and flicks to deep midwicket.
no run, short ball, hurries onto him, the batsman is late on the hook shot and misses.
SIX runs, two in a row! And again in the same spot. Full ball and the batsman simply gets to the pitch of the delivery and dispatches it for six more. Golf-like swing and KKR end the Powerplay on 64.
1 run, full on off, and pushed with the bat's open face. Goes down to third man.
SIX runs, slogged, don't worry about the line. Way over deep midwicket. Walked across the stumps to negate the width, and muscled it away.
1 wide, short and sliding down leg, the batsman misses a nudge, well taken by Rahul.
1 run, length ball on the stumps this time, the batsman stays leg side of the ball and works it towards long-on.
FOUR runs, and the batsman finds one. A full toss on the stumps, the batsman backs away and helps it towards deep square leg, just short of a six.
1 run, googly at a length on middle, leans in and taps it to long-on.
2 runs, another misfield! Add another free run to Royals' total. It was just outside off, and the batsman played a delicate late cut to short third man. Mujeeb the guilty man.
1 run, shortish outside off, backs away and slaps it out to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, too full and the batsman gets to the pitch and thumps this through extra cover.
1 run, another full toss, another slap but straight to deep cover.
no run, past the outside edge. Flat and fast and going on with the arm as the batsman looks for the cover drive.
no run, tosses it up wide outside off and the batsman drives to cover.
FOUR runs, and now all bets are off. In the last four, outside edges will also fly. the bowler bowls length from round the wicket, the batsman looks to go over mid-off and cover, but gets a thick edge over short third man.
SIX runs, who cares if the opposition just sparked to life? I'ma see this length ball and pulverise it over long-on. Thank you very much. That's what's going on in the batsman's head. I'm paraphrasing, of course.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, worked to square leg.
2 runs, pulled from outside off, Tahir with a sprint from deep backward square leg.
no run, fuller this time, and Sharma is forced to defend.
1 run, tucked off the pads through square leg.
FOUR runs, an excellent yorker but the line is errant. It's slightly leg side-ish and the batsman flicks the ball easily through backward square leg for four. Just had to place the ball there.
SIX runs, timely boundary for Mumbai. This a monster six. Length ball on middle, Hardik stretches out, shows off his high elbow and smokes it straight down the ground. Into the second tier. Bam!.
SIX runs, humongous hit from the batsman! A juicy half-volley, right in the slot for the batsman to get underneath it and bludgeon it miles in the air and over cow corner.
SIX runs, short on off, and that's been pulled into the stands! Quick shuffle of the feet to open his stance, and then the batsman's bat speed does the rest.
OUT, that's very, very high and taken by Gowtham! A slower delivery is right in the slot, he would not want it anywhere else? It's on the pads too. the batsman swings too early again and hits the ball in the air, backward square leg runs in and takes the catch, a very good, smart, hold-your-composure catch.
2 runs, sliding stop to the right from Nortje at long leg. Short ball was hooked firmly into the turf.
1 run, good length on off stump, the batsman bends his knees, staying low to deal with the ball and slice it to point.
no run, on a length, outside off, left alone, collected on the half-volley by Karthik.
1 run, length at off stump, steps out and drives to long-off.
1 run, a full delivery outside off, drilled to deep cover for a run.
no run, full on off stump, and the batsman drives down the ground to mid on. Stopped by the fielder there and that's thirteen off the over.
no run, good length on leg stump, flicked to miwicket.
FOUR runs, casually drilled over mid-off. Good length and just outside off, already on the front foot as this arrives and lifts it on the rise.
2 runs, good length, and an inswinger outside off. Leans in for the drive. Hard hands get him a thick inside edge to midwicket's right.
1 run, dropped at cover! Full just outside off, and the batsman came down the ground to thump a cover drive. Samson Gowtham dives to his left to try and get his hands to it, manages to get fingertips. Was a really difficult chance though. MSD had hit that with some real power.
1 run, shortish in the channel, dabbed away behind point for one.
1 run, slower ball and the batsman had to adjust. Was walking across, this was on a length on middle, and he waits for it and paddles it to fine leg.
1 run, full toss, uses his wrists to flick it off his pads to deep square.
FOUR runs, that's gone through Russell! the batsman drove that straight and full delivery down the ground with a neat straight drive, Russell ran to his left form long-on, even bent to to get both his hands on it but it went right through him. It wasn't a 100% effort though, either because of his left shoulder or his hamstring.
FOUR runs, full outside off, the batsman square drives it, opening the face of the bat at the last moment to bisect point and cover-point.
SIX runs, slower ball it seems like, 114ks, and it is right in his slot. He delays his swing and slogs this over wide long-on for a six. Clear plan, clear execution.
1 run, length ball on middle and leg, goes back and turns it towards square leg.
1 run, length ball pushed flat outside off. Flicked to long-on.
1 run, full and angled in at middle and off, clipped away wide of long-on.
no run, quick, on a length, no room, 136ks. Defended.
OUT, miscommunication! Good-length on off stump, and the batsman's cramped for space. Still tries to cut, but straight to backward point. Rajpoot collects and throws at the keeper's end, but the batsman's halfway down the track. Lynn took a few steps forward but quickly said no to the single, but it was all too late .
1 run, length ball, and he punches this towards long on.
no run, length around off, goes for the cut but finds the point fielder.
1 run, and again, angles it in from wide of the crease. This time he sits leg-side of the ball and looks to slap it through point, but the ball stops on him and he hits it into the covers without much power at all.
FOUR runs, inside edge this time. Length ball skidding in at leg stump. Steps out and swings at it, gets runs wide of short fine.
1 run, length outside off, swatted along the ground to long-off.
1 run, short of a length outside off, punched to sweeper cover.
1 wide, slower ball at length but way outside off. Lost control on release, left alone. Wide.
no run, slower short ball, but drop in pace, the batsman connects with fresh air on the pull.
1 run, there's that inward-curving arm ball again. the batsman was stepping away to the leg side to try and make room to cut, and it kept following him and sneaked between his legs.
FOUR runs, what a shot! That's the best of the batsman. Back of a length outside off, driven sweetly square of the wicket through point.
FOUR runs, whipped to long-on's left. Good length ball at middle stump, steps out to the pitch of that and slugs it forcefully with the turn.
1 run, full and straight, clipped through square leg.
1 run, flat, fired in towards middle stump, just short of a good length. Worked away to long leg.
1 run, tries the sweep, the legbreak sits the surface, and he cue-ends it to long-on for one.
no run, steers this length delivery to Yusuf at short third man.
1 run, full outside off, and driven to the man at deep extra cover.
OUT, goes for the big hit this time but doesn't get the timing right, skips down to this length ball and Dube takes a comfortable catch at long-on.
1 run, covers for the turn and pushes into the off side.
FOUR runs, good length on off, and the batsman comfortably punches this square off the back foot. Beats the diving cover-point fielder and Curran can't pull it back either.
no run, length at off stump, looks to flick into the leg side, gets an inside edge onto the pads.
1 run, wide legbreak outside off, scythed away to sweeper cover. Stylish from DJ.
1 run, back-of-the-hand cutter to start off, good length outside off. Swept firmly to long-on.
no run, right to the pitch as he smothers this googly.
1 wide, too far down leg and that will be wide. SRH can't afford these extras.
OUT, the bowler on an absolute roll. Repeat of 2017 anyone? On a length, scrambled seam, and I am not sure this has moved away after pitching. Seems like the batsman has just driven inside the line to edge it through to the keeper.
1 run, yorker just outside off, and that's been squeezed away to short third man. The fielder does well to adjust for the spin and stops it with one hand.
2 runs, misses the yorker by inches, and the batsman shovels this straight of long-on for two.
OUT, sliced, and mid off makes no mistake! Back of a length, cramping the batsman for room, and the attempted leg-side swipe goes flying into the air. the bowler's first wicket of the night.
1 run, full and just outside off, dipping into the corridor. Leans in for an elegant cover drive to sweeper cover.
1 run, in the blockhole on off and middle, clipped down to long-on.
2 runs, uses wrists to drag this drive towards long-on, and comes back for two as he has hit this straight of the man.
2 runs, slices it behind point.
1 run, short of deep square. Bouncer at the front shoulder, swipes hurriedly from under that.
1 run, length on off stump, flicks it onto his own pad off the inside edge. A run sneaked pitch side.
no run, short of a length, into the armpit, fended to leg.
1 leg bye, angles this into the pads with a quick length ball, the batsman looks to hit behind square, is beaten for pace, gets a leg-bye.
1 wide, length and angled in but way down the leg side.
1 run, arm ball into the pads. Tickles to short fine's left off the back foot.
1 run, full, slower ball on middle, and worked away past the square-leg umpire to the sweeper in the deep. Time out.
SIX runs, the batsman's first six of this IPL. He slog-sweeps him over the longer boundary. Clean connection.
no run, tossed up on off stump. Big stride forward and defended.
no run, down the wicket, the bowler spears this in at his heels. Yorks him.
FOUR runs, length outside off, bit of width, the batsman flashes and gets an outside edge wide of the keeper for the fourth boundary of the over.
no run, shortish outside off, stops on the pitch a little. Jumps up to slap it, without too much power, into the cover point region.
1 run, good length and into the corridor. Forward stride as he pushes to long-on.
1 run, sharp turn back in, cuts this towards point.
SIX runs, connects on one at last! A lot of leg-side swinging later, QDK has nailed one over midwicket. It's picked up from outside off. A length ball and a sweet, sweet swing across the line.
SIX runs, launched over long-off! This is poor bowling from the bowler, the plans are all over the place. This is a good length ball, a slower one, just outside off. the batsman walks into the leg side and drills this flat.
no run, stays short of a length, punched to extra cover.
FOUR runs, tossed up outside off, and that's put away by DK! Takes a big stride forward and heaves this over midwicket. Slog swept despite the man in the deep.
1 run, short of a length, de Villiers leans back to hit this hard but straight to deep cover.
1 bye, beaten and so is Buttler. the bowler has his hands on his hips. Full slower ball wide outside off, 121.6kph. Looks to whip that over midwicket. Buttler can't collect cleanly on the bounce and they sneak a run.
SIX runs, launches it over long-off! And it's an unbelievable stroke because the bowler has missed the yorker by an inch or two. But Dre, sitting back in his crease, gets under the ball and heaves it away.
1 run, on-pace, length ball, just outside off, pushed wide of cover for one.
2 runs, comes down the pitch, this delivery is outside off stump, clipped towards midwicket where Raina can't intercept with a dive.
1 run, reverse-sweep again, but straight to short third man. Just the single.
no run, full toss on the pads, he was probably a little surprised by it as he misses the flick and is struck on the thigh pad.
no run, good length and onto the pads, flicked to midwicket off the front foot.
1 run, the batsman makes room, he follows him, ends up with a high foll toss that is hit to deep midwicket for one.
FOUR runs, and he sends down a stump-high full-toss outside off stump. A misdirected yorker. the batsman carves it away square, a long way to the left of the only man on the off-side boundary.
no run, short, wide, and he cuts it hard into the ground towards extra cover.
no run, down the track, but doesn't get hold of it, the ball goes to square leg off an under-edge. the batsman was looking to go straight back over the bowler.
1 run, a slower ball on middle, clipped to deep midwicket for one. Decent over from the bowler.
FOUR runs, arm ball, chopped from off stump to the right of Rahul behind the stumps for a fortunate four.
2 runs, comes down and skews a drive to deep midwicket. Didn't quite get to the pitch of that. Two anyway.
1 run, short and wide and cut to sweeper's left again.
no run, jabbed away to square leg.
1 run, the bowler bowls the slower yorker wide outside off, and he gets just the single to deep midwicket.
1 run, full on off, the batsman hangs back and uses his wrists to work it towards squareleg.
SIX runs, he's walloped this over wide long-on! The Universe Boss has had enough sighters. the bowler goes short of length and the batsman says thank you. Flat-batted with disdain.
1 run, another full toss, driven with an open face to deep cover.
OUT, holes out! Too easy for Rashid. Goes full on middle, and Mayank looks to slog-sweep. Struck well, but not far enough, and the fielder at cow corner waits for the ball to come to him. Not smart from Mayank. They had collected eight off Rashid's over already .
1 run, short of a length outside off, gets back and punches to long-off.
no run, the batsman looks to glance off his legs, but the ball zips in to hit him on the pad. It pitched well outside leg, the bowler continuing around the stumps.
2 runs, really slow offbreak, and Karthik can't collect it down the leg side as it beats the batsman's swing. Or did he get a bottom edge?.
2 runs, short, a bit of width, but the ball loses a lot of pace off the surface so the batsman drags his attempted cut in front of square, to the fielder sweeping on the cover point boundary. More pace onto the bat and a boundary could have been on, with backward point and third man in the circle. Misfield on the boundary allows a second run.
1 run, works this slower length ball from outside off towards deep midwicket.  Excellent half-century .
1 run, just misses on the yorker but the batsman misses out too. Low full toss outside off, scythed to third man's right.
FOUR runs, poor ball. Googly, short and wide outside off. Chopped away to the backward point boundary. Too easy.
2 runs, length on the pads, the batsman taps it on its head and fine, for another couple.
2 runs, he goes shorter, the batsman punches this in front of deep cover, and comes back for two.
no run, googly, good length at middle. Defended on the front foot.
no run, fullish on middle, the batsman is content to defend it.
1 run, slower ball at a length on leg stump, nudged through backward square.
1 wide, length ball, angled down the leg side as the batsman backs away. Pressure getting on to the bowler.
no run, length around off, punches it towards the right of extra cover where Rohit fields the ball and has an underarm shy at the bowler's end but misses. Think Pandey was in.
OUT, Rabada pulls of an excellent catch diving forward at mid-off! Well disguised slower ball, the batsman went for the lofted drive with the mid-off up, couldn't time it due to the slowness and ended up spooning it towards Rabada, who took it brilliantly, taking a few steps forward before diving.
1 run, shorter, the batsman goes right back to pull it to deep square for one.
1 wide, very short ball, and he looks to ramp this over third man. Called wide, because he couldn't reach this.
1 run, full on off stump, driven with the turn to long-off.
FOUR runs, loopier and fuller outside off, enough width for Suryakumar to collapse his back leg and lace a drive between sweeper cover and wide long-off. Impeccable placement again from Suryakumar.
FOUR runs, slower short ball, makes him hit into the big side of the ground, and the batsman doesn't get all of it, but he has managed to place it in front of deep backward square leg.
2 runs, good length on leg stump, clipped to deep square's right off the front foot.
no run, angles back in from wide of the crease to skid in and hit the batsman on the pads as he looks to work this to the leg side.
FOUR runs, sliced inside out! Full outside off, and that's been muscled over the infield. Too much for wide long off to do.
no run, slower bouncer, the batsman looks for the hook, aborts it. Then looks for the ramp, and aborts that too. Too little pace on it to try either.
1 run, shortish on off stump, knocks it down to point.
no run, walks down again and beaten again by one that shapes away a touch.
FOUR runs, connects on one. Slower ball, short and wide outside off. Waits on it and chops it to sweeper's right.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, punched with a straight bat to deep midwicket.
1 run, the bowler responds with a yorker, the batsman squeezes it out for a single to third man.
no run, another huge appeal! Think for caught behind. Was a nice leg-break which spun and beat the edge. Dhoni also went for the stumping.
no run, short and across the corridor. Inside edge onto his body saves him from being bowled. Trickles out to the keeper.
FOUR runs, overpitched and outside off, the batsman clears his front leg and clouts it over the non-striker's head.
OUT, has he taken that? Length outside off, shaping away again, the batsman follows the swing with just his bat without getting to the pitch, it held in the pitch a little, got him high on the bat, and went aerially towards backward point, who had to dive forward, full length and did so brilliantly! Third-umpire confirms that it carried and what a start for CSK after the spectacular Dhoni finish with the bat.
1 run, yorker at the toes, flicked out to deep square.
1 run, plays it to midwicket to get off the mark. Nice use of the wrists to give it a whip.
1 run, length ball outside off, driven to deep extra-cover.
1 run, short of a length outside off, guided to third man.
2 runs, steps out and whips this over midwicket, Jadhav sprints across from mid-on to cut that off.
no run, some control now for Delhi. Flat on middle and leg, pushed back to the bowler.
1 run, length, and he plays an uppish drive wide of R Ashwin at mid off. Easy single to retain strike.
no run, make that four maidens. Short of a length, no room, defended back. No team had ever bowled three in one innings. Now we have four.
no run, looks to slap this over point, toe-ends it to cover instead.
no run, bunts this to short cover, looks for a run but can't get it.
no run, another wide yorker, another offcutter! Inside the tramline. Sensational bowling. the batsman is beaten again as he tries to dab the ball. That is predictable, but still so hard to get bat on that.
no run, good length on middle stump, defended down the pitch.
no run, not short enough to cut on this occasion, goes back and across nonetheless and again ends up chopping it into the turf, towards the keeper.
no run, full on middle and leg, the batsman shuffles onto the back foot, and taps it back to the bowler.
no run, on a length, on-pace, 134ks, on top of off. Pushed with an open face to point.
1 run, flatter, into the pads, worked to leg for one.
1 run, short of a length, punched down the ground for one.
1 run, back of a length on the hips, nudged away to square leg for a run. Biding his time for now.
no run, beaten on the drive. Wrong'un spinning away from off stump.
1 run, good length on leg, and the punch towards the on-side takes a leading edge. Goes through towards cover.
no run, short of a length, outside off, punched to cover.
1 run, slow through the air, gets some dip, beats him in the air. Gets hit on the inside half on the slog.
1 run, good length and into the stumps. Backs away and looks to force that. Thick inside edge to long-on.
no run, much fuller and outside off, the batsman does not meet the pitch, and lets the hands do all the work. Flayed to cover.
no run, short of length around off, pulls it towards square leg, another dot. Just a single so far from this over.
1 run, full-toss on off, from round the stumps, backs away and slaps to cover, where Ashwin makes a tumbling save.
OUT, the batsman makes room to try to go over mid-off again, but the bowler is full so he gets too close to the ball. Doesn't get the elevation he wants. Finds mid-off. What relief for KXIP. What a fiery knock from the batsman to go with his bowling effort.
1 run, full at the stumps, a bottom-handed whip to long-on.
1 run, full and straight, pushed down to long-on for one.
1 run, slower length ball outside off, eased down to third man.
no run, 80 kph, flat and wide outside off, swatted to mid-off from the back foot.
1 run, walks across the stumps and works this length ball to square leg.  That's the batsman's century, what a knock!  Points to someone in the coaching staff, does a circle around his head and then walks up to Dhoni to give him a hug. Lovely knock. I haven't seen the batsman smile like this ever before. I've only seen him angry.
OUT, lovely bowling. Lovely cricket in these four overs. Hitting, innovation, pace and now guile. the bowler slows this down by at least 10-12ks, and he bowls it scrambled-seam. the batsman is playing for the offbreak, which it looks like, but goes straight on because of the imperfect (if you will) seam position. Leading edge results in an easy catch.
1 run, slower yorker. Attempted one anyway. the batsman gingerly closes the face, meets it on the full and gets it out to deep square.
1 run, nice yorker outside off, but Sharma is up to the challenge nonetheless. Bends his knee, opens his bat's face, and squeezes it away to deep point.
1 run, on a length and outside off, glided to third man.
1 run, short of a length outside off, gets on top of it and drops it in front of point for one.
no run, full and slower on middle, the batsman smothers the spin and defends.
1 run, fired full, drilled to deep extra cover.
no run, the carrom again. Out the front of the hand. Tidy line, just around off, pushed to point.
no run, beaten again. Short and wide outside off, the ball bounces a touch extra too and goes over the bat of the batsman.
1 run, full outside off, and driven to cover point off the front foot. They'll take the run.
OUT, yorker on leg stump, and the batsman misses the shot. Hits his back leg, and the appeal's been given out! He's reviewing but that's a futile decision. It hit his back leg, and impact was in front of leg stump. The replay shows that the ball would've clipped leg stump. KKR retain their review but the captain has to go.
1 run, the batsman looks to pull, the bowler has bowled short at 137ks, gets it high, and the batsman gets just the single to deep square.
1 run, Jadeja misses again. This time at the non-striker's. Again he gets a good bounce, and again the batsman is short. He has started off the back foot, and has had to run around the bowler, but he is lucky again. Jadeja doesn't usually miss two out of two.
no run, length just outside off, driven on the up to extra cover.
1 run, overpitched on off stump. Almost a yorker, but DK does well to push it towards cover.
1 run, slower length ball outside off, the batsman bunts this behind point to scamper a single.  This is his sixth IPL century, his 21st in T20s overall.  Brings out the cradle celebration, probably for his daughter who is here in India.  First century of the season .
no run, good length and just outside off, punched to backward point off the back foot.
SIX runs, quicker, into the pads, and he goes back to pull it. Another mis-hit, but he has managed to place it in front of deep square leg. Another six.
FOUR runs, pulled to the wide long-on boundary. Good length and pushed across him. Quickly onto the back foot and an aerial pull. the bowler might have rolled the fingers on that too. It slides on nicely anyway.
FOUR runs, lofted over the bowler. Not off the middle, that sticks in the pitch a little. But it's got enough. Full ball, and the full face offered. Trickles into the padding as mid-off and mid-on give chase.
no run, short and wide outside off, but he's done in by the slower ball. Tries to cut, but misses it completely. Avesh will feel lucky.
no run, gets some swing, which means he can't get all of this low full toss. Hit straight to extra cover.
1 run, good length on middle. Angling across the batsman as he sticks his bat. Outside edge takes it past the slip cordon and to the man at third man.
1 leg bye, looks for the yorker on leg stump and refuses Pant the room to get under the ball. Ends up having to settle for a leg bye.
2 runs, length on leg stump, flicked to deep square off the back foot.
no run, the batsman looking to lap him fine this time, but the ball sits in the surface and takes the front edge back to Axar.
1 run, full toss on middle, slapped to long-on.
1 run, slower short ball at off stump. Backs away, makes room and looks to clear the off side infield. Gets an inside edge to short fine's right.
FOUR runs, crunched through cover! Full outside off, and what a delightful shot from KL the batsman. Shuffles onto the front foot, and simply drives through the ball;s line. Perfect placement.
1 run, full on middle, down the wicket comes Dhawan, drills it down the ground but just for one.
1 run, length, angled in, the batsman whips it away towards fine-leg's left, but the fielder gets around to keep him to one.
no run, stays low! Outside off, but turning into the batsman. Hurries onto him, and does well to push it towards cover.
no run, a nothing shot. Short, wide, but too high to be playing the orthodox cut. But he does play the orthodox cut as opposed to going up and over. The ball stops on him, and it is really hard to keep it down. It falls just short of backward point.
1 run, full on the stumps, stays in the crease and pokes this into the midwicket region with soft hands.
no run, short of a length, slight seam, beats him as he looks to open the face.
FOUR runs, swept fine, and it trickles away for a boundary. Full on leg stump, and the batsman shuffles across to the off side and paddles this to the leg side. Deep backward square loses the chase.
1 run, low full toss when looking for a yorker. Runs off the thick outside edge to square third man for one.
no run, beauty first up! Hint of movement back in from outside off, Faf plays inside the line as it zips through to Rishabh Pant.
no run, pulls too early, misses and the short ball hits him below the helmet grille. Seems okay, and we'll carry on.
OUT, straight to long leg! And it's a rip-roaring shot too! the batsman picks the short ball early, gets inside the line and tears the leather off it with a pull shot. But he forgets all about placement, which is just fine for the bowler, Tripathi and the Royals.
1 wide, low full toss down leg side, beaten on the flick.
1 run, Kohli drops him at deep midwicket! Full toss on leg stump, wanted to use the pace to angle that over the square boundary. But it ended up only slightly to Kohli's right at deep midwicket. He couldn't get completely under it, was looking to catch that a bit to his right, away from his eyeline. And he grabbed at it a bit too soon.
no run, full and sliding across off from over the wicket, off the outside half to point.
1 run, the bowler nails the yorker on leg stump, the batsman can only jab it down to long-on for one.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, punched firmly off the back foot to Curran's right at mid-off and he moves smartly to cover the ground on that before the tumble.
no run, length ball, just outside off, and he rides the bounce to block off the back foot.
no run, slower ball outside off, lunges forward and defends to point.
no run, rocks back and cuts straight to backward point. Superb over.
1 run, chops the cut wide of point.
no run, past the outside edge again. Good length and into the corridor again. This time he defends inside the line on the front foot.
1 leg bye, good length on middle, and turning towards the leg side. Clipped off his hips to short fine leg on this occasion.
1 run, length on off, the batsman lunges forward and pushes at it with hard hands, gets a thick inside edge to long-on.
OUT, now, that's one way to channel your anger and frustration. A Barbadian gets the big Jamaican. the bowler runs his fingers over the seam to bowl this length ball that squares the batsman up with the deviation. And because the batsman has a poke, he gets a thin edge and Samson makes no mistake this time. Huge wicket and the bowler is pumped.
2 runs, just clears mid-off. Short ball climbing across him and he can't smother the angle with his attempted pull.
FOUR runs, down the track, goes straight and hits it clean. Lovely swing to hit it up and over. Bounced just in front of the advertising triangle.
to Finch, 1 run, bouncer, Banton is wrongfooted at deep midwicket as this spins straight instead of square. He puts in the dive, though, to keep them down to one.
1 run, OUT, tossed up outside off, and he pushes this towards backward point. They want to push for two, but the return is sharp and straight to Rashid. Easy run-out of Umesh Yadav, who was very slow during the first. Terrible running!.
FOUR runs, fuller and down the leg side, swiped past short fine leg for four.
1 run, length on off, the batsman pushes it aerially towards mid-off and scampers a single.
no run, full just outside off, driven with the turn to extra cover.
1 run, full and wide, and he tries to cut this away but gets it off the toe-end. They pick up one, though.
no run, short of a length, slow, outside off, and Russell turns down the single.
no run, and now he bowls a 110ks yorker outside off. de Kock does well to stop this.
1 run, short of a length on off stump, punched firmly to long-off.
no run, short of a length outside off, whips it towards midwicket who dives forward and stops it.
no run, slow offbreak, on off, defended back to him.
FOUR runs, Mumbaikar to Mumbaikar. the batsman seems like he knows the bowler inside out. Waits for a short ball first ball, and pulls him over wide mid-on.
no run, good length and tight line on the fourth stump, steered to point.
1 run, a good length delivery outside off, guided away to backward point for a quick run.
1 run, and the batsman is not getting any power into his hits. Really struggling. Gets a free hit right in the slot but sends it only as far as long-on.
no run, full and outside off, looks for a slash, only gets a bottom edge to the wicketkeeper.
OUT, the bowler says I will do it all myself. The stumps are splayed all over the place. Cross seam, full, straight. the batsman makes room, swings and misses.
no run, good length on middle and going across the batsman. He tries to ramp it over short fine leg, but then tries to ramp it over short third man. Eventually connects with neither.
no run, full, strikes him on the pads as he looks to play this straight. Are they going to review this? They have! Just toppled over a bit as he played the shot, and the ball jagged back in. It passes close to the bat as well, and there's a spike when the ball passes by the bat. Not out!  Review lost, too.
no run, beauty! Nice shape, and the ball just misses the batsman's outside edge. Good length on middle stump and angling tantalisingly away from the batsman. He tried to defend, but played it down the wrong line.
OUT, Shakib dives forward from square leg and pouches a low catch to dismiss the batsman. Another failure for him as Mumbai Indians' opener. This was short, skiddy, and attacking the body, Rohit is cramped up. This isn't a full-blooded flick. He chips it in the air and watches Shakib take a sprawling catch.
1 wide, slips this full delivery way down leg, good take by Saha. Wide called and rightly so.
1 run, slower ball, hiding it outside off, and the batsman only just catches up with it as he slashes it to long-off.
SIX runs, slapped over point! Short outside off, and the batsman slashes this hard and away from his body. Top edged, but still goes to the point boundary. the bowler's pace hurts his own bowling.
no run, full and just outside off, jammed into the covers.
no run, falls short of short third man as the batsman attempts another unreal shot - the late cut to a short ball angled into him. And on this occasion, even the batsman mistiming a shot doesn't help Sunrisers as Sandeep dives forward but can't get there.
1 run, toe-ends a lofted hit to mid-on, they scamper a run even as AB's throw misses the stumps at the bowler's end.
1 leg bye, good length and slams the pad as he looks for another glance.
1 run, full and coming in from outside off. Looks to crunch that through the covers, gets it down to long-on off the inside half.
SIX runs, and the batsman goes midwicket this time. Deep into the crease to sweep this in the air. Nails it again.
1 run, length ball on middle, and turning across the batsman's body. Punched off the back foot towards midwicket on this occasion.
FOUR runs, and the batsman toe-ends one past slip to get off the mark! There was width, so the shot was on, but the batsman wasn't in control as he flailed outside off and sent the ball bouncing down to third man.
1 run, good follow-up, Faf turning the strike over with a single.
1 run, slower ball, on a length, no room, the batsman does well to take a single in the covers.
1 run, slower ball, 111ks, cramps him up again, the batsman takes a single to leg this time.
1 run, some swing first up, but down the leg side and clipped away for one.
FOUR runs, short of a length, angling in, he plays this late and absolutely deliberately, placing this fine of third man.
FOUR runs, Okay, make that five in five. Another yorker, at the base of off, the batsman makes a bit of room and carves it away between the keeper and short third man. He makes it look so easy.
SIX runs, first boundary of the innings, and he makes it a big one. De Kock sees the ball is not turning so goes with the angle and lofts this length ball over mid-on.
no run, rocks back and cuts, but can't pierce the gap.
1 run, angling a length ball into middle and leg, whipped to deep square.
FOUR runs, full outside off, lines that up and drills it straight over mid-off. Proper connection on that swing.
1 run, back of a length on leg stump, and aimed at the batsman's legs. Punched off the back foot to cow corner for a walking single.
FOUR runs, bowls short, bowls quick and the batsman gets a thick bottom edge to beat short third man. Didn't intend to play it there, but gets the desired result.
no run, good length and shaped into the pads. Looks for the slog and is struck on the thigh again.
1 run, beaten by wrong'un as the batsman winds up for a big hit. Hits Rahul just on top of the flap of the pad and they take the run.
1 run, short outside off, swatted to mid-off like a tennis forehand, and they come through for one.
1 run, length on leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket off the front foot.
FOUR runs, clever batting! Makes room, clears his front leg, gets a ball to cut because it's short and wide. He goes from bottom to top and slices the ball over the infield, over point.
1 run, nice inswing this time from outside off and on good length, de Lock punches it towards mid off and gets off the mark.
FOUR runs, the batsman plonks his back foot across to set up a base to go over the bowler's head, but ends up going over the keeper's head with an outside edge. Just short of that driving length, but the bowler is unlucky here.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, cut away.
FOUR runs, back of a length outside off, and there's a huge gap between cover, who's on the edge of the circle, and mid-off, who's stationed very straight. Suryakumar stands tall and punches it away through that gap.
no run, bizzare shot. Length ball on off. He looks to reverse-ramp this. Awfuly position for the shot and he cops it on the back thigh.
1 run, droped by Finch. Those big buckets have let this through. the batsman comes down the pitch, gets too close to the pitch of the ball, and chips more that hits. Finch moves to his left at long-on, his natural side, but can't hold on.
no run, full toss, angles across him from around the wicket, and he plays it towards cover.
1 run, good length and a quicker one it appears. Gets forward and pats aerially down to long-off.
1 run, length ball on off, but big offspin into leg stump. Clipped off his hips to deep midwicket.
1 run, falls safely in front of long-on. Googly at a length. Steps out and can't get to the pitch of that. Ends up slicing his attempted slog and Curran can't get close in the end as this plonks just past the circle.
FOUR runs, thick outside edge past slip, races past slip to the third man boundary. the batsman didn't have the kind of width he would've liked, slashed it away.
SIX runs, lovely shot. Down the wicket, gives himself slight room, reaches the pitch of the ball but hits this back over his head.
no run, full and into the pads, beaten on the flick.
SIX runs, that's a woeful ball. Dropped short, a slower ball, on leg stump. the batsman swivels and sends this flying over the fine leg region with a hoick.
FOUR runs, drills this, one bounce to long-off. Saw this in his swinging arc, brought out his powerful bottom-handed whip to belt this. Typical the batsman shot.
OUT, guided straight to fine leg. The only explanation I can think of is that the batsman has probably not seen the field change, but that sounds implausible for a batsman in the IPL. It's a slower short ball up at his ribs. He swivels and hooks uppishly, and deliberately. That's four if short fine is in. It's a simple catch when he's back. Mumbai have the breakthrough they desperately wanted.
1 run, quick offbreak, just outdside off, pushed to the right of the bowler, and he is not going to dive for these after having dislocated his shoulder once previously. They get the single.
no run, full, slow, outside off, defended to cover.
OUT, Axar invites Faf to hit him again and he gets him this time! Lovely comeback. As beautiful as it is to see a batsman use his feet to hit straight, few things match up to a loopy delivery just managing to beat a batsman in flight. That's what's happened here. Faf is down the pitch and it looks like he can do a repeat of the last ball. But he is inches short of getting to the pitch of this. Ends up getting it off the thick outside edge and Dhawan hangs on at long-off.
FOUR runs, oh what a shot. Pure improv. Good length slider in at middle and leg. He's on the front foot for a pull but realises this will stay a tad low. Adjusts the swing, makes it a short-arm one, and bisects deep square and deep midwicket.
1 run, slower short ball, helped into the leg side for a couple but one of them is called short. Sharma is the culprit.
OUT, steered straight to sweeper cover. Decent connection on that, to be fair. But the placement not quite there. It's a full ball outside off, he hangs leg side of that and opens the face late to try and get that over point possibly. Samad runs in and takes this as it dips into his mid-riff.
no run, shuffles across to a length ball and blocks.
1 run, length on middle, the batsman backs away and pushes it to extra cover for one.
SIX runs, length ball on middle and leg, the batsman rocks back and pulls it over deep midwicket for a maximum.
no run, pulls his length back and nearly squares him up but he opens up adjusts and pushes it to point.
FOUR runs, short, wide again, and he cuts him over extra cover, and deliberately so. the bowler is not having a great night out.
no run, over the wicket, short outside off and it scuttles under the bottom edge of a cut shot through to the keeper.
FOUR runs, the batsman becomes the second RCB batsman - after Parthiv - to move into double figures. He shuffles across off, meets a full-toss, and inside-edges it between his legs to the fine leg boundary.
FOUR runs, the bowler ventures short and wide outside off, the batsman frees his arms and laces a cut to the left of short cover.
SIX runs, strike one! the batsman will be delighted at the ball coming into him. This is at a length on middle, slightly flat. Uses his reach and creams the slog sweep over the midwicket zone.
no run, back of a length and wide outside off, in the batsman's swinging arc, slapped away fiercely but straight to point who has moved back in from the deep.
no run, on a length, outside off, driven on the up, straight to extra cover.
no run, short outside off, and a bit too high as he looks to pull from under this.
1 run, full, on the pads, nudged away to deep backward square leg for a single.
FOUR runs, good length on middle stump, and the batsman's attempted slog over long off takes the outside edge! Over first slip .
no run, full, straight, he clears the front leg looking for a big hit, but is hit on the inside half of the bat.
no run, googly ripping in at leg stump. the batsman exposing the stumps to try and cut, but it's rolled back down the pitch.
OUT, Faf catches it at the long-off boundary. Right at the edge of the boundary too! the batsman was coming down the track and the bowler shortened his length a bit and possibly gave it a rip. It spins away from the batsman, who gets a toe-end while trying to go over the top. Faf stays still at the boundary and catches it over his head. Didn't move his feet and it's safe.
no run, three wide deliveries, three dots! A full and wide delivery that is brilliantly bowled. Inside the tramline. the batsman can't get bat on ball again.
1 run, full on off, and he gets down on one knee to slog sweep. There's a fielder in the deep for that shot.
no run, full toss outside off, and he plays the check-drive to cover. Well stopped!.
2 runs, sweeps it in the air  but it lands safely beyond square leg as the batsman went a fair bit across to off.
no run, flighted ball on off stump, driven back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, caressed to the point boundary. Short of a length just outside off, waits on that with the feet static, and then opens the face late to punch this to point's left.
no run, well bowled, floated up but dipping into the blockhole to keep the batsman quiet.
1 run, flat, on a length outside off, punched off the back foot past cover.
1 run, low full toss outside off, sliced to deep point's left.
1 run, short at the body, pulled off the front foot to deep midwicket.
1 run, reaches for it from outside off to swat it to long-on with a flat bat.
1 run, a slower offbreak there. Hardik backed away, aiming to go straight again, but a thick inside edge to deep square leg.
1 run, on the pads, and worked away for a single.
SIX runs, over the covers and six, the batsman's sixth six! He charged down the track and didn't look like he middled it, but he got enough to send it flat and over.
2 runs, short of a length, lets it come on before tucking it to deep square leg. The fielders in the deep are at midwicket and backward square leg, and the batsmen push back for the second as they converge on the ball.
no run, on a length, just outside off, pushed back to him.
2 runs, another low full toss, the batsman skips down and hits it hard towards mid-off, Hooda dives to his left but fumbles and concedes another one.
FOUR runs, finally gets him away. He's struggled against him so far. This time Bishnoi just a bit too close to the stumps with the length ball. Enough margin for the batsman to get on one knee and sweep him over his head to find the long-on boundary.
no run, full, straight, defended back to him.
1 wide, stays on a length, but slips down the leg side for a wide.
no run, full and wide outside off, driven straight to extra cover.
no run, lovely work at extra cover from Agarwal. Lunges low to his left to look for the catch off this aerial drive, but it's short of him. But recovers immediately and has the batsman scrambling back.
FOUR runs, mid-off is up and the batsman goes over the man to get four more as the bowler pitches on a length.
OUT, can you hear the noise?! The screams of the Sunrisers. The absolute joy in the crowd. the bowler Thampi is responsible for all of it. Started the season on the bench. But here he is, taking out the Bradman of T20 cricket, with an honest to goodness super dooper bouncer. It's quick. Its from around the wicket. It comes at his chest. The pull shot malfunctions. Top edge straight up and Thampi takes the catch himself somewhere around short leg.
OUT, straight to cover! A slower one outside off, the batsman wants to pounce on it and makes room to slap it on the off side. He does that but hands it straight to Markande who grabs it with both hands over his head.
no run, full around leg, worked to midwicket.
1 run, good length ball floats away in the corridor. Punched down to long-on.
SIX runs, the batsman sends a question mark to Gill. Why did you deny me the strike? Makes room, and takes this full ball and sends it over extra cover for a six.
1 wide, oh misses out. Plum length ball outside leg with fine leg in the circle. the batsman wants six but can't catch up with it. Wide.
no run, short, turn and bounce, the batsman rides the bounce and guides to point.
1 run, well-done on the free-hit. In the blockhole and angled into the batsman as he whips it down to the cow corner region.
no run, short of a length, some shape into the corridor. Cuts off the high part of the bat, on the bounce to point.
no run, wrong'un, just outside off, turning in, defended to cover.
no run, length outside off, steered to point.
no run, length ball on off, and slapped off the back foot to cover.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to sweeper.
2 runs, short of a length, on off, he stays beside the line and pushes this past extra cover for two.
1 run, short outside off, pulled to deep midwicket.
no run, goes round-arm and the advancing the batsman can only block the back of a length ball on leg stump back down the pitch.
1 run, short, and he dabs this straight down towards short cover and sets off for a quick single.
no run, even shorter than last ball, and somehow manages to stay full of the pulling length. Defended.
1 run, short of a length, spinning away, punched down to long-on.
1 run, top edge on the sweep, but it falls well short of deep square leg.
1 leg bye, the batsman can't lay bat on this leg-stump yorker, but they pinch a single off his boot. There's a stifled appeal from the bowler, but it pitched outside leg.
no run, good length and pushed through at leg stump. Tapped back down the pitch.
1 run, turned away with the spin to backward square leg.
FOUR runs, short and wide and cut in the air over backward point! This was thrashed by Dhawan! Just flung his at the width and length offered.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and slapped to deep point. Well stopped by the man in the deep.
no run, short and holding its line outside off, arches back and lets it go.
1 leg bye, short of a length and into the legs, looks to tickle that fine, cops it on the thigh guard for a run to short fine's right.
1 run, low full toss on off stump, slapped across the line, on the bounce to deep midwicket.
no run, another bouncer to ends the over, this one at 140ks. the batsman ducks it again.
SIX runs, chest-hunting short ball on middle, the batsman now unleashes the pull. He sends the lifter soaring over the fine-leg boundary. the batsman uses the extra pace and bounce of his former Australia team-mate to his advantage.
no run, saved by an inside edge! Flatter length ball on off, he is struck on the pad but was very clearly a big edge. KKR review nevertheless, and lose one.
no run, full and into off stump, watchfully pushed into the covers.
1 run, strays on the pads and tickled to deep midwicket off an almost yorker length.
no run, belted but on the bounce to Kohli at extra cover.
no run, is that four, is that four? No. Deep point cuts it off. the batsman steps down the track and squeezes this out through the covers. Deep point gets around to his right. the batsman does not take the single.
no run, length on off stump, blocked on the front foot.
2 runs, just clears extra cover. Low full toss at off stump, backs away and looks to open the face. Barely gets it over looks like it's a run short though even though they're back for the second. Addendum: The short run was given for 18.3, but was registered by the commentator after this ball.
1 run, given some air outside off, the batsman drives with a flourish but doesn't quite get the timing. Ball goes to deep extra cover.
1 run, short-arm jab to long on.
no run, full on off, and checks his drive at the last second. Pushed to mid off.
no run, a swipe across a length ball, bowled at 137s, and it beats him and goes over the leg stump by about a foot.
1 run, short and wide outside off, cut to deep backward point.
FOUR runs, shot. Back of a length outside off, weight quickly onto the back foot and this is sliding on nicely off the pitch as he punches it through cover.
no run, beaten for pace! Back of a length on off, the angle and the pace is too good for the batsman as the ball creeps between bat and pad.
no run, quicker one but way too short, angling in towards the batsman who pulls it towards square leg.
nan
1 run, fuller on off, he's back and working this to wide mid on.
no run, low full toss, nearly a yorker, dug out to short midwicket.
OUT, there's the error from the batsman. Pressure building up, and he's forced into a poor shot - a sweep with no room, and he gets a glove to short fine leg.
2 runs, short, wide, slapped past point diving to his left.
SIX runs, finishes off in style! Length outside off this time, the batsman goes for the slog sweep again and goes in front of square with the same result this time. Emphatic win sealed in emphatic fashion.
1 leg bye, length on leg stump, looks to flick but it pings off the thigh guard through the open square leg region.
1 run, a short delivery outside off is ramped over the infield for one to third man.
OUT, low full toss, wide outside off, and he drags this slog straight to Pollard at long on! CSK are all out for 109! Their lowest T20 score in Chennai.
1 run, full ball, and he gets an inside edge towards long leg. Russell takes the single and refuses the second.
no run, fullish, on middle, and he mistimes a leg-side clip. Inside-edged onto his pads. An entertaining over comes to a close.
FOUR runs, drifts away a short delivery, the batsman stays inside the crease, reaches out and thumps this to the point boundary.
no run, quick and flat outside off, punched to cover from the crease.
no run, looped up just outside off, Pandey cracking the ball firmly back at the bowler.
no run, the googly on leg, 88 kph. the batsman doesn't read that and pats the ball back to the bowler.
no run, short ball, the batsman mistimes his pull and swings early to get hit around the rib cage area on his right side.
no run, oh good shout for lbw. Turned down by the umpire, is Curran, and then by his captain who simply turns around. Good length at middle and leg. Looks for the flick and is pinned in front of leg stump. Was there an edge on that? Replays awaited. Yes there was.
1 run, good length and into off stump, opens the face and runs it to third man.
1 wide, another big inswinger and the batsman had no idea how to deal with that, because he can barely get the bat down too. Luckily for him it's started middle and gone further down.
no run, floated yorker this time. Jammed down the pitch.
FOUR runs, streaky start from Moeen, flashing outside off and sending an edge bouncing down to the third man boundary.
SIX runs, the bowler offers up a dolly, a really full one at 129.2 clicks on middle and off, the batsman clears the front leg and sends it soaring straight over.
1 run, short on middle, goes back and punches down to long-off.
no run, 81 kph, the googly, pitches outside leg. the batsman unwinds and looks for a slog sweep but misses. He's struck on the pad.
FOUR runs, short of a length at leg stump, backs away and hurriedly swipes at it. Gets it off the inside half. Good result? No, deep square must retrieve this from the boundary padding to his left.
SIX runs, short on middle and leg, and the batsman steps across and pulls it over the backward square leg boundary - picks out the short boundary on that side, and clears it despite only managing a 64m hit. Didn't look to hit it too hard, just helped it and found the gap to the right of deep square leg.
no run, googly, spinning in towards middle stump from a good length. Stays in the crease and taps it into the leg side.
2 runs, good length on leg stump, glanced to deep square's left.
no run, slower ball, looked work to the leg side but ends up offering a dead bat.
no run, full, angling into off stump, whips it away to long leg and refuses the single. Why?!?!?! McClenaghan's just hit a cleverly executed boundary, and he must have faced the bowler a far bit in the nets?.
no run, short and pushed across him, beats him on the cut.
1 run, fullish on the stumps, turned to deep square leg. Popped it in the air, but the fielder was deep so it's safe.
no run, touch full and moving away, defended firmly to mid off.
FOUR runs, opens the face and glides it fine of third man! Probably got it finer than intended but it was nicely played, opening the face and using the pace and angle.
1 run, short outside off, sliced down to third man with an upper cut, skips of the net pitches but third man is able to get around.
no run, pitched up at off, presses forward and pushes to cover.
1 run, low full toss on middle stump. Mistimed to mid off, and the batsman steals another single.
no run, full on middle, drilled back to the bowler, and the non striker, who was backing up could have been in a spot of bother.
no run, the batsman lines him up for a slog first ball, but he seems to have bowled a slower ball that has been hit to mid-on.
2 runs, floats it up a little and slides it into the pads again, turned away through backward of square leg.
no run, walks down the track without sussing out the length. It's shortish and seams away from him, and nearly shaves the outside edge on its way to the keeper.
no run, good length and turning into leg, chopped onto his back leg on the attempted cut.
1 run, full again, driven to long-off for one.
1 run, slower ball on middle, pushed to mid-on's left for one.
1 run, on a length, angling in, punched down to long-on for one.
1 run, short of a length, quick, pulled to long-on for one.
no run, short of a good length, cramps him at middle stump. Can only tap this back towards the bowler.
FOUR runs, tickled fine. Yorker dipping down leg side and he helps it along off the front foot.
FOUR runs, hammered past the bowler. Loves the straight drives. This one is in the slot, just outside off, he half-steps into the leg side and gets it into the straight boundary, all along the ground.
1 run, walks across and bunts this to mid-off.
1 run, back of a length outside off, an offcutter, chopped down to third man for one.
1 run, yorker on middle stump, and Hardik does well to squeeze it down the ground. Kohli at long on.
SIX runs, short, and he swings this around towards long leg. Atleast about 20 rows back!.
FOUR runs, shot. That's full, on leg stump, and the batsman makes a bit of room to stay leg-side of the ball and loft inside-out over wide mid-off.
1 run, goes back to cut a short ball, and it beats the man at point. Should have been a dot, but they get a single as the man misfields.
1 run, back of a length outside off, he stays legside of the ball and slaps it to deep point.
OUT, golden arm the bowler puts another one in his book! Oh boy. Short ball, proper log-hop at an off stump line. Gets deep in the crease and looks to pull this over midwicket. But for one, this ground has big square boundaries, and two, he's lost his shape as this comes on a little slower than he expects. Dragged straight to the fielder. What an ordinary end to a stunning innings.
OUT, caught by Tewatia at deep square leg the bowler calling the bowler. Another slower ball, better radar then. On off and cutting in, Rohit went down to slog sweep but got a top edge. Tewatia was circling under it and mis-judged it almost, but in the end half-dived forward and held on. Big wicket.
1 run, dropped. Yet another one goes down in Dubai. Low full toss. the batsman goes deep into the crease but doesn't get enough power into this. It lobs towards wide long-on. Chahal runs to his left from deep midwicket, and it slips through his hands.
1 run, a full toss outside off, goes for the reverse tap but mistimes it towards short third man. For a moment it looked like he made a neat connection but will have to be happy with only a single.
1 run, tries the big swing down the line, gets too far under it, but the mis-hit clears mid-off. Just about.
1 wide, length, angled across, left alone and called wide.
1 run, short of a length and turning away from outside off. Lofted pull towards deep midwicket.
1 run, length, on the pads, and he flicks this away, and Gayle dives away to his right at short fine leg. Keeps the scoring down to one!.
FOUR runs, full toss, on the pads, and he can get enough bat to beat the man at fine leg. Moved back to use the depth of the crease.
1 run, flatter and fuller outside off, swung away towards long on.
1 run, dropped. Curran foxes Hardik with a slower short ball outside off. He slices the attempted pull and it hangs up in the short midwicket area. Somehow Curran ends up getting too far ahead of this and is reaching backwards and to his right.
FOUR runs, length, down the leg side, and he flicks this away. Fine leg is up inside the circle, and he places this well wide of deep backward square leg.
2 runs, slow in the air, on a length, pushed wide of long-on for two. If the bowler collects this throw clean, Saha is gone. He doesn't.
FOUR runs, Doubt if that shot has a name but it's a bit like a ramp and over the keeper for four! It was a slower ball, so he really had to wait after having gone down on one knee, but managed to time it despite the lack of pace.
1 run, good length and just outside off, opens the face to turn this to backward point's left.
no run, short of a length, slow, and the batsman makes room to cut, but straight to extra cover.
no run, lovely bowling. Beating the batsman on the forward-defensive. Creates the gap by getting dip on this ball, and then it rips past his outside edge.
FOUR runs, get out of the way, Stokes! the batsman steps out to meet this length ball on leg stump and thumps it back towards his partner who does superbly to get out of the way. Long-on won't get to it.
no run, short of a length with some shape in from outside off. Left alone.
1 run, on a length, around off, pushed down the ground to long-on.
OUT, the batsman run out ball watching! Plays a glorious late cut to find backward point. Looks at his partner then at the fielder. Is caught looking at the fielder when his partner responds and comes through for the run. They're both at the same end, nearly. Buttler falls to his knees - he knows what's coming. A throw on the bounce to the bowler as the batsman makes a desperate attempt to run back. the bowler receives, turns and flicks it onto the stumps with an underarm throw. Raina was the man at backward point.
no run, turn from length on off, steered to backward point.
1 run, short of a length, straight, pulled to long leg for one.
FOUR runs, swept between deep square and deep midwicket. Full outside off. Gets forward and slow and sweeps uppishly, right in the middle of those two fielders.
1 run, slower ball again, and the batsman has to abort the big shot. Gets a single to deep cover.
no run, drifting in, this goes through, punched back. Half-stop from the bowler but they can't sneak in a run.
SIX runs, they are feeding the batsman as if this is his birthday. Leg-side half-volley after those short and wide gifts last over. Whipped over deep square for six.
no run, good length on off, and starts with the slower one. Tries to punch this back but he's through his shot too early. Forced to check his shot, and that probably saves him. The ball drops just short of the bowler.
no run, good length wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, slower ball on fifth stump, he has a swipe at it, sends it along the ground to deep midwicket.
1 wide, slower ball, sixth-stump line, left alone. Was it really that wide, Marais Erasmus? Borderline call - seemed to finish inside the tramline for me.
1 run, good length on leg stump, punched to deep midwicket's left off the back foot.
FOUR runs, the bowler pitches this one shorter and the batsman reverse-sweeps this one in the air and wide of Kohli to the third man area. Four more for the placement.
1 run, good length on middle stump, driven to long-on.
1 bye, goes for a mighty heave, misses. Wasn't far from off stump. Lost shape, bottom hand came off the bat handle. This was a googly too.
SIX runs, that's a shot and a half. This is a length ball pitched just outside leg, and the batsman picks it early to use his pace and play the pick-up over long leg.
1 run, on a length, on off, pushed wide of cover for one.
FOUR runs, picked up over deep backward square! The line, headed towards leg stump, is helpful, and Parthiv helps it on its way with a little flourish, lifting his right leg in the air.
1 wide, backs away, so Umesh tries to cleverly bowl a wide yorker, the execution came a cropper though. Good thinking though.
1 wide, wide signalled by Nigel Long as this one is full and wide outside off. the bowler lets out a smile.
SIX runs, what a shot down the track and the bowler shortens his length, but he essays a short-arm hoick, connects so well that it carries all the way over long-on.
1 run, gentle little tap into the off side as they scamper a quick single.
no run, full outside off, pushed away to cover. His feet are nowhere.
no run, slower ball at a length on middle stump, leans in and clips to midwicket.
no run, slower ball, short of a length, toe-ended to cover.
1 leg bye, quick legbreak, hits his pad, but is headed down leg. Leg-bye accrues.
FOUR runs, slower ball yorker, but outside leg stump. the batsman checks his shot, and eventualy whips it off his toes. Played over square leg, and no one's there in the deep.
FOUR runs, short of a length, he goes back, and nails this pull for a flat four just in front of deep square leg.
no run, back of a length, it stays low outside off, he gets it off the toe of the bat to point.
1 run, length at off stump, looks to pull, gets it to long-on off the inside half.
2 runs, looks to finish the over with a flat defensive delivery, but the batsman gets an outside edge for what seems like a four, but Cottrell puts in a huge dive after giving it chase from short thrid man to keep them down to two.
1 run, fuller on leg stump. the batsman moves to the leg side and thumps it to wide long on. Man there now.
1 run, another slower yorker, taken on the full for a dive to wide long-on.
FOUR runs, clever batting. He knows Pandya is usually quick so he can use his pace. This is bowled at 99ks, and he has lapped this over the keeper's head.
FOUR runs, inside out over cover! Full outside off, and he comes dancing down the wicket before lifting it over the infield.
1 wide, short, and will be called wide, as the batsman tries to have a poke at it, but cannot reach it.
no run, short of a length, into the body. Pulls to deep square, doesn't run.
1 run, worked with the spin to deep midwicket.
2 runs, on a length, middle and leg, and he uses soft hands to place this wide of midwicket for two.
1 run, short of a good length outside off, cut to sweeper's left.
nan
1 leg bye, big appeal for lbw and the bowler's possibly more interested than usual because Faf had set up on an off stump line attempting this flick. But this has pitched outside leg.
1 run, another walk down the wicket from the batsman. He works this short-of-a-length delivery to long leg.
no run, full ball on off stump, tapped from the crease into the covers. Some late swing there.
1 run, shorter and outside off, Parthiv hops and fends it to the off side for a single.
FOUR runs, fuller on the pads and the batsman capitalises first ball, clips it away beautifully to the deep squareleg fence.
no run, length ball on the pads, looks to flick but misses, an appeal for caught-behind by Buttler but looked like it just brushed the pads.
5 wide, another bouncer but this goes all wrong for the bowler. Chases him down leg side with another bouncer. It's above the head, it's way down leg side, it's past Philippe's left hand.
no run, slants a full delivery across, Dhawan watches this through to Dhoni.
no run, short, wide, and he slaps this one hard, but cannot beat point.
1 run, pulled but cramped for room so no power, down to long-on.
1 run, flat, wide, outside off, driven to deep cover.
no run, full just outside off, and he backs away once again. Drills this drive to cover thereafter.
no run, good length and in at off stump, defended from the crease.
1 run, full and just outside off, hangs leg side of that and lifts this cover drive to sweeper's left.
SIX runs, length ball, as harmless as they come, well outside off, carted over long-off.
no run, just short of backward point. Good length at 146kph on leg stump. Closes the face too early on the flick.
1 run, length on off, struck hard past the bowler and down to long-off.
2 runs, flatter, straighter, flicked nicely wide of deep midwicket.
1 run, full and wide, driven to deep cover. Just the one.
no run, length ball, and he flicks this away but cannot beat short fine leg.
2 runs, steps out and works this leg side, into the vacant spaces at deep midwicket.
1 run, full, wide, and he guides this down to third man.
1 run, the bowler finds some cut in to the batsman off the track, but the ball is dead-batted into space on the off side and they sprint through for a single.
1 leg bye, wanted to help that along, but was beaten for pace. A back of a length delivery that's on the pads, he looks to flick that down to fine leg, but the ball ricochets there off the thigh pad.
no run, a carrom ball, on middle. Tewatia comes down, but is sent back. Tiwary misses at the bowler's end.
1 run, round the wicket now for a pitched up ball on leg stump, the batsman drills it through midwicket.
no run, length ball outside off. Leans in to a drive to long-off. Refuses the run.
1 run, fired in on the pads this time on a length, and he moves across to flick to square  leg.
SIX runs, W-O-W! This is the offbreak and the bowler tries his hardest to keep it out of reach of the batsman outside off. But the left-hander reaches out - while somehow still not losing his shape - and flat-bats it over long-off.
no run, some shape again, coming into him, but a touch too full and he flicks, but straight to midwicket.
no run, trying to be too cute, misses. Looks to ramp this over short third man but the length is too full and straight. Can't lay bat to it.
2 runs, pitched right up by the bowler, and the batsman flicks into the leg side. This should have been a dot ball, but Lynn lets it through his legs at midwicket inside the circle, and it's only another athletic effort from Rinku at the boundary that saves the boundary.
FOUR runs, short ball around the hip and just helped along really fine for another boundary.
SIX runs, length ball, giving him the freedom to swing through the line. the batsman accepts it and politely slog sweeps the ball over long-on.
OUT, a beauty! Ball of the tournament. Good length on leg stump, and spins across the batsman' body as he tries to defend. He's on the back foot, and the ball whooshes past his outside edge, and crashes into off stump. A legspinner's dream ball. Time out.
no run, runs his fingers on it? Pace is 134ks. Yes this is a legcutter, which stays low and squeezes under his bat outside off.
2 runs, reverse-sweeps another carrom ball, from in front of the stumps, can't get it as square as he wants it to go, but just about clears cover-point.
no run, flighted full outside off. Slight legspin, and the batsman defends towards cover.
no run, full ball, angles across him, and he drives it back down the pitch towards the bowler.
OUT, given! The wrong'un continues to do its magic! Rocks back to cut, completely misreads the googly, and by the time his bat can come down the ball has struck the flap of his back pad, bang in front. May have misread the length as well - it didn't seem short enough to cut, and that misjudgment left him with even less time to adjust.
1 run, brilliant attempt by Shubman Gill at cover down the track and he unleashed a fierce extra cover drive. Gill flew in the air to his left and got his right hand to the ball, stretching up, but it didn't stick.
1 run, on a length down leg, nudged down to fine leg for one.
no run, length ball outside off, and the ball turns away from Rohit. Tries to tap it towards the off side, but it's under-edged to point.
1 run, flight outside off, the batsman flat-bats a slog to long-on. This is new-age T20 cricket, going after pretty much everything early in the over.
2 runs, full outside off, squeezed away to third-man, there's a fumble on the boundary which allows the batsman to come back for the second.
1 run, another offcutter and the batsman pulls but connects well enough only for one.
FOUR runs, short outside off, and Sky makes full use of the width. Climbs over the bounce and cuts it between backward point and point. Classy.
no run, starts with an offcutter outside off, the batsman drives it down to mid-off.
1 run, full on off, and tapped off the front foot to short cove. Fielder misfields, allowing them to pinch the single.
no run, on a length, outside off, cut away, but straight to point.
1 run, low full toss, can't get under it, hit to long-off on the bounce.
1 leg bye, back of a length and skidding into the thigh again, cramps the batsman for room and beats the inside edge.
no run, short of length at the batsman, Nabi looks to give himself some room and goes for the cut, fails to connect.
1 run, good length outside off, punched to long-off on the up.
no run, looks for the five-for with a full straight ball, but the batsman defends it well.
FOUR runs, hammered for four. A tad too full this time from the bowler, the batsman stays balanced as he drills an on-drive past his partner.
3 runs, gets on top of a short ball outside off and crunches it through the line to sweeper cover. Sangwan slides to his left but fumbles. He slides back again and stops the ball from reaching the boundary.
1 leg bye, length ball on the stumps, just holds it its line to rap the batsman on the back thigh, a mild appeal for lbw but too high I think, the batsmen complete a leg bye as the ball rolls towards cover-point.
1 run, wristily flicks a length ball towards midwicket.
no run, length angled across, holds in the pitch a little, the batsman checks his shot on the front foot and pushes it towards mid-off.
1 run, length around off, stays back and dabs it towards cover-point for a quick single.
1 run, offbreak, pitched up, driven to long-on for one.
2 runs, goes for a sweep, dragging a well flighted delivery from outside off over to deep midwicket. And he even pinches an extra run.
1 run, misses the yorker, but the calf-high full toss ends with extra cover for just a single.
1 run, short of a length outside off, swung down to long-on.
no run, yorker length just outside off, jammed into the covers off the front foot.
1 run, back of a length outside off, steered to point's left.
SIX runs, goes again, clears deep midwicket again! Didn't quite get to the pitch of the ball, picked the googly and went through with it from outside off. Dhawan was quite a long way in. May have been in a better position to catch if he was at the ropes.
1 run, on a length, and the batsman goes back to punch this to deep cover.
no run, lifter on middle, 144.3ks, the batsman sways his upper body out of the way. That's the length to the batsman, Khaleel.
SIX runs, over deep backward square. This is poor and a little hard to fathom from the bowler. He's feeding a leg side swing and taking his variations out of the picture, not to mention the lbw itself. He's also dropping it short, and the batsman in this form will pull him over the boundary every time.
1 run, short, wide, carved down to third man.
1 run, angles a length ball on middle and leg, whipped to deep midwicket.
OUT, outstanding stuff. Rashid is moving all over the place. Walking across, then walking back. Trying to throw young Arshdeep off his lengths. But he takes none of it. Looks for the leg-stump yorker. And absolutley nails it. Rashid is outside leg stump right now and makes a last ditch effort to chop a horizontal bat down on the ball. He's beaten for pace. Utterly.
FOUR runs, tries the bouncer, but there is no bounce in the pitch. Easily pulled away over midwicket for four.
1 run, the bowler stays on a length, and gives the batsman no pace to work with. Punched to wide long-on for one.
SIX runs, 4, 2, 6 off the bowler. You better believe it. A dynamite innings. He picks on the short boundary. Gets inside the line, the bowler bowls into the hip, but he uses his wrists to whip this over long leg.
no run, tossed outside off, eased to the covers off the front foot.
no run, good length outside off, looks to punch into the covers. Gets a thick inside edge to midwicket.
OUT, full outside off, and the batsman tries to clear the boundary. Lifts this inside-out over the off side, but the batsman hasn't generated enough power. In the air for ages, and Hooda at long-off times his jump perfectly. How often have we seen a wicket first ball after a break. the batsman is not happy at all.
1 run, misfield again. Length outside off, sliced straight to Pandey at point and he doesn't gather cleanly.
1 run, picked off the pads to fine leg.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, clipped towards mid-on.
1 run, full and just outside off, punched out to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, short and that's imperiously pulled behind square, flat and hard and four to get started for the batsman.
1 run, tossed up on off, presses forward and bunts it to cover.
no run, swings back in late, yorker length. Somehow manages to keep that out. Superb start from the bowler.
no run, length on middle, pushed back to the bowler.
2 runs, full on middle stump, and that's been pushed to wide long on. the batsman wants two, but chooses not to eventually.
no run, back of a length, the bowler finds turn again and catches the batsman on the crease. Hits the thigh and would have missed the leg stump.
no run, bowled from well behind the crease. Slows is right down. Good length and in at off stump, punched to extra cover.
no run, full and outside off, patted into the covers.
no run, short of a length, in front of his throat, fended down.
SIX runs, sliced over third man, sails away! Looked to go inside out over cover, but he'll take the runs anyway. This was full and wide, somehow managed to get enough bat.  500 runs in the season for KL .
no run, full on middle and spins in, driven to mid-on off the front foot.
no run, short and wide outside off, beaten on the cut.
1 run, back of a length outside off, and the batsman rocks back to punch it straight past Pant. Goes to the man at long on.
2 runs, swept from outside off toward deep midwicket where Rashid pulls off a sliding stop. Back for the second comfortably.
no run, nearly run out. On a length, on off, played with an open face to point. Rayudu sends him back, and it is his call. Nagarkoti misses with the throw.
1 leg bye, good length and down leg side, cops the attempted sweep on the pad.
1 run, hit back hard but the bowler stops it with his boot, they'll scamper a run nonetheless.
nan
2 runs, good length and in at off stump. Allows that on and opens the face late to jab this to sweeper's left.
1 run, slower and fuller on the stumps, turns this down to long on. Sensible.
no run, length just outside off, a tentative push to extra cover from the crease.
1 run, slashed off a thick outside edge, once bounce to third man, who almost fumbles it but recovers in time.
1 run, length around off, comes forward and plays it towards covers with soft hands, steals a quick single to get off the mark.
1 run, length ball outside off from the left-arm spinner. Lands and turns away from the batsman. Pulled along the ground to deep midwicket.
no run, swinging low full toss, beats him outside off.
no run, steps out to hoick but is deceived by the slower delivery that spins away past the outside edge to the keeper.
2 runs, fuller and wider, he square drives firmly behind point for a couple.
1 leg bye, full on leg stump, and the batsman comes charging down the wicket. Tries to flick it towards the leg side, but takes his pads instead. the batsman will scamper across for the run nonetheless.
OUT, the batsman takes a risk after playing 22 balls for 21 runs, and holes out. the bowler is not giving him the swinging length, but the strike-rate pressure on the batsman shows as he goes for this regardless. Looks to hit a six over long-on, but because he is not close to the pitch of the ball, he gets no power in this. Pollard takes an easy catch at long-on.
no run, beaten. Short of a length outswinger wide outside off. Slashes at it but it skids through from under.
no run, looks to nudge that cheekily past short fine. But he finds the fielder. Length ball at middle stump, uses the angle of NCN from around the wicket and has a short-arm whip at this from middle stump.
1 run, comes down and chips the ball towards long-on, in typical the batsman fashion.
SIX runs, clean strike to clear long-on. Big, big strike. the batsman is finding his hitting range, finally. Length ball from De the bowler, punished.
no run, googly at a length outside off, blocked on the front foot.
no run, beaten on the drive. Good length outside off, pitches and holds its line as Kishan leans in for the cover drive on the rise.
OUT, sliced wildly up in the air, and the bowler has a debut wicket in his first over!. Rahul called for it early, watched it carefully, swallowed it with a late adjustment. Back of a length and following the batsman who was cramped for room on the slog. That's the breathing space KXI needed!.
1 run, Archer now drops an absolute sitter. Look at Warne in the dugout: he has his hands on his mouth. Slower offcutter outside off, the batsman is way too early into his slog-sweep and toe-ends it into the sky. It drops down and Archer drops it at backward point.
FOUR runs, length, and he goes inside out, and it just takes a bit of mid-off's fingers and goes to the fence.
1 run, direct hit! Quicker ball, flat on off, and that's been pushed to mid off for a quick run. The throw is flat, and the batsman, totally outstretched, is on the crease. Does he have any part of the bat over the line? This is too tough to call. Not out.
no run, down the track but the bowler has bowled this cleverly on the leg stump, Dhawan misses and gets rapped on the pads.
1 run, wallops this short ball up and over the ring, but there's long-on specifically for that kind of stroke from the batsman.
1 run, length on middle stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
FOUR runs, length, and he has whipped this off his pads towards long leg. Terrific shot again from the batsman!.
no run, full and straight, a touch too full, driven hard but straight to the mid-on placed wide.
no run, swing and a miss. short ball, backing away and he misses it.
2 runs, slices that one high on the off side and it lands beyond backward point, wide of sweeper cover for two.
no run, beats the edge. Length ball across the corridor. Pokes at it, beaten.
1 run, length ball on off, dabbed to third man.
1 run, length on middle stump, punched past the bowler off the back foot.
FOUR runs, nice. Very very nice. Hangs deep in the crease, anticipates the angle across him from around the wicket and waits before running this past short third man off the face.
1 run, back of a length close to off stump, stays leg-side of the ball and punches to the right of backward point.
no run, legspinner this time, but closer to off stump, so Dhawan perhaps thought it was another googly. ends up inside edging onto pad.
1 run, googly, short of a length on middle stump. Punched aerially towards long-on.
no run, flatter and quicker on the stumps, 119kph, the batsman goes back and taps it towards short midwicket.
FOUR runs, nails the half-volley down the ground! In the slot on middle stump and the batsman keeps the front leg away and presents the full face.
no run, beaten, straighter one and he was playing inside line.
1 run, back of a length outside off, punched with force but there is deep cover.
1 run, leading edge but it flies wide of cover for one. This is a slower ball.
2 runs, the batsman uses plenty of bottom hand to fetch this legbreak down to long on.
1 run, length on middle stump, gets forward and taps to deep midwicket's left.
no run, length on leg stump, backs away and pushes into the covers.
no run, googly. Tossed up outside off on a length. Defended off the under-edge.
FOUR runs, the batsman is on the floor, and the ball is at the fine-leg fence. the batsman premeditates to counter the bowler's wide bowling, and ramps his over short fine. In the process he is on his back on the flor.
1 run, flatter delivery, spinning away from the left-hander, the batsman crunches it to long-off.
no run, some flight on middle and leg, pushed to mid-off with the spin.
no run, Belted back to the bowler, but the ball bursts out. He drops a difficult return catch. the batsman runs down the track, meets a half-volley on off, and slams it back, the bowler attempts the catch and in the process hurts his bowling hand. He needs some attention from the physio. Such chances stick or they don't.  Adding injury to insult: the bowler has gone off the field.
FOUR runs,  but it won't matter! Overpitched outside off, stays leg side of it and adjusts his timing to get this well in front of deep backward point. The method is the same: wait, open the face, pick your spot. But the execution is different. And it is perfect. What a sensational over of T20 batting.
no run, on a length, accurate, no room. Defended from the crease.
OUT, oh golden arm if ever there was one. Huge wicket of the batsman with the extra ball because of the wide. This is in the slot to swing hard at, but he has bowled a little offcutter to take the inside half of his bat. Caught at mid-on.
SIX runs, not the cleanest of his sixes, but this will do. Short of a length, the batsman pulls this off the front foot, sends this really high, but it has just enough muscle behind it to carry over long-on.
1 run, length on the pads, tucked away to fine-leg.
no run, fullish on the off stump and the batsman drives it down to mid off.
1 run, short of a length just outside off, chopped to third man with the angle.
1 run, shortish and angling across off, leans back and forces to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, nobody on the leg side in the deep and the batsman reaches out from outside off to sweep the googly to deep midwicket for a one-bounce four.
1 run, full, down the leg side, clipped off the toes.
1 run, mistimes a big booming drive towards mid off as they scamper a single.
SIX runs, fuller and wide outside off, gets his length wrong just a little bit and Nabi has just steered it over backward point, all the way for a six. This game is far from over.
FOUR runs, slightly too short and the batsman pounces on it. Given room too, outside off and he frees his arms to drive it forcefully through cover.
1 run, length ball, stops on him a touch as he looks to slap this cover, but hits it straight to the fielder and hustles a single.
1 run, into the pads, on a length, worked away for one.
FOUR runs, short, wide and cuts away from the deck. To sum it up in one word, that was tripe. the batsman slaps it out to sweeper cover.
1 run, shuffles across and pushes to mid-on for a risky single.
FOUR runs, nearly the wicket. Down the wicket, beaten in the flight, and the thick outside edge just evades the man at point.
no run, huge appeal, Rashid wants the review, Saha says high and there's a mini conference, in the end there is no review. What a beauty though. He angles the leg break into the right-hander, but doesn't let him reach the pitch. the batsman is lunging forward, he's off balance, he's closing the bat face and is beaten on the inside edge. The ball strikes his back thigh, in line with off stump. But is it high?.
2 runs, pushed through outside off stump, Dhawan drops back and cuts firmly behind the sweeper.
no run, the batsman backs away again, the bowler follows him and cramps him for room. Played back to the bowler.
1 run, stays full and wide, tough to reach it, dug out for just the single.
1 run, short of a length, angled across, jumps up and flicks to midwicket.
1 run, slower ball, full just outside off, and he check-drives a shot right over the bowler's head. the bowler very nearly took a return catch, but the ball was just beyond his reach.
1 run, sweeps successfully this time to fine leg.
no run, big mix-up. Dhawan drops this shortish ball at his toes, and doesn't look up at Shaw, who has come to within a hand-shaking distance. Shaw scampers back and makes it.
1 wide, sends a wide on the off side, outside the tramlines.
SIX runs, Pulled flat and hard for six. Hip-high short ball outside off, the batsman sizes it up, clears his front leg, and bashes it over midwicket.
1 wide, full and wide outside off. Tried the legspinner but it didn't come off. Too wide, reckons the ump.
1 run, full toss, around off, mis-timed for a single down to long-off.
1 run, steps out and drills this slower delivery to long off.
no run, now he finds more room and absolutely belts this back of a length delivery but picks out cover.
OUT, after all the bad balls they have punished, Kings XI end up losing a wicket to a full toss. Wicket or boundary, it's almost as if CSK can't manage a delivery that doesn't make you flinch. the batsman punches it uppishly as he throws his weight behind the shot and finds DJ Bravo who leaps at cover to hold on to a sharp catch.
OUT, taken at extra cover. Slower ball dug in short and wide outside off. He checks himself on the lofted cut. Ends up dabbing it for Williamson running back.
1 run, goes back to a length ball and punches it towards midwicket.
SIX runs, length ball around off, goes down and tonks it over deep midwicket and it just keeps sailing, the batsman reaches 47 off just 24.
(no ball), picks out third man! What is happening?! the batsman takes aim at a short and wide delivery and top-edges it straight down to third man. Oh, but wait! It's a no-ball! the batsman gets a life now! That's three wickets mucked up by Kings XI within the first 32 deliveries of the game.
2 runs, yorker outside off, shuffles and looks to slog into the leg side. Thick inside edge onto his boot and then it trickles out to long-on. Warner hares back for the second.
no run, length, angles across him, and he looks to go over midwicket, but goes way over the ball. No contact made.
1 run, full and tossed up on middle, goes down for the sweep, hits it fine but straight to the man in the circle.
1 wide, there's absolutely no spike on it, but Saha's brilliance down leg has made this look ridiculously easy. the batsman walks across to pull this short ball sliding in, and in doing so, missed the pull. Wide called.  Not out stays that way . SRH lose a review.
1 run, on a length, into the pads, and he finds short fine leg.
1 run, stifling line around off again, he goes across a bit on his toes and helps it to leg for one.
2 runs, pulled back in by long-on. Full ball outside off, gets the slow sweep over the bowler's head off the low part of the. Two fielders converge but long-on puts in the slide and saves two.
no run, squared up, huge appeal for caught behind, not given, not reviewed. Unplayable delivery again, angling in, hitting that short-of-good length, and straightening from even closer to off stump, and the batsman is spun around in midair as he looks to defend.
no run, a wide yorker outside off, well executed. Just inside the tramline.
1 run, hops across and whips to deep square.
no run, sharp turn from a length, pitching on middle, and he nearly runs it right into a leg slip in place for him.
1 run, short outside off, chopped away to point, a misfield allows a single.
FOUR runs, carves between backward point and short third. Fifth offcutter in a row. Short and wide this time. Deliberately chopped behind by the batsman.
1 run, good length on middle, and it's been pulled straight to deep backward square. But dropped by Shankar! He got under it, but the ball dipped late, which forced the error from him.
1 run, back of a length on off stump, opens his bat face for the dabbed single to backward point.
no run, full just outside off, and the batsman drills this drive to cover.
FOUR runs, a very wide slower offcutter is bunted over cover point. Would have been wide had the batsman let that go, but he goes after it and toe-ends the ball over the infield.
no run, short of a length, 143ks, good carry too, and beats the batsman as he looks to open the face on this.
FOUR runs, back of a length that slides in, but Shreyas manufactures his own room and slaps it out to sweeper cover.
no run, full on middle and swinging across the batsman's bat. He tried to defend off the front foot after covering his off stump. Through to Saha.
no run, looks to carve the short ball over point, but there isn't quite enough room for him to do so.
OUT, think I jinxed him, the batsman has hoicked this straight to deep midwicket, but this has been a good support hand. Bhuvi bowled this knuckleball at length outside off, the batsman fetched it and tried to clear the longest boundary, picked out Dhawan.
OUT, picks out deep midwicket went for the flat-batted pull, but there wasn't much pace on it, the off-cutter from Hardik and he doesn't get the distance on it. Straight to Suryakumar at deep midwicket. Dhawan knew he had to get on with it, hence the shot, but he's gone now.
no run, yorker, tailing in to the batsman, squeezed out to midwicket.
1 run, full toss headed for the top of off. Backs away and looks to punch that through the off side. Outside edge stopped on the half-volley by QDK, to his right.
1 run, good length on middle stump, flicked towards midwicket.
no run, driven hard and straight to cover.
no run, another wrong'un, thrusts his bat in front of the pad in defence.
no run, fuller and spins in on off, played back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, full outside off, and Faf connects with the square drive! Carves it past cover point, and the man in the deep can't cut it off either! Classic CSK. Twenty-three runs needed off 12.
SIX runs, okay Pooran can't stop this one. the bowler gets into the slot. You can't do that to Pooran on this track. He lofts him over long-off for a huge six.
FOUR runs, just over mid-on. Good length outswinger just outside off. Comes on slowly off the pitch and Mayank waits on that, closes the face and lifts it on the rise to Rayudu's left.
1 run, back of a length outside off, the batsman staying leg side of the ball, driven firmly to deep cover.
FOUR runs, down the wicket, takes this on the full, hits it hard down to long-on where Stokes makes a dive to his left, but it slips through still. Unfortunate for Stokes.
no run, wide length ball, the batsman goes back to punch this square, but straight to point.
1 run, full, quick and skiddy at 142ks. the batsman looks for the big drive again, but gets an inside edge onto the pad.
1 run, on a length, angling in, pushed uppishly and wide of mid-on for one.
1 run, good length and into leg stump. Forced to midwicket's right off the back foot.
1 run, full, on middle and leg, worked away to midwicket.
1 run, tight line, defended on the back foot, to the leg side.
1 wide, strays down leg, wide.
1 run, length ball, and he slogs this towards deep midwicket.
1 run, flicks a very full ball on leg stump to deep square leg.
no run, dropped by Jadeja again! the batsman is a cat! How many lives?! Back of a length on middle, and this inside out slap comes off the bat's top half again. But Jadeja can't hold on to it after bending backwards to reach at this high ball. Hits his palm and pops out.
FOUR runs, shot. Premeditates, walks across his stumps, and gets a full-toss angling into him. Uses the angle to help it away to the left of short fine leg.
2 runs, slower short ball, pulled between deep square and deep midwicket. Gets two.
1 run, squared up by sharp turn, gets a thick outside edge to short third man as they scamper a single.
SIX runs, maximises the free hit! Is it the dew? But the bowler bowls another full toss outside off, and the batsman simply hammers a lofted shot to the long-on boundary. Into the stands once again.
no run, beaten on the pull. Slower ball, short of a good length and wide outside off. Slides through from under the shot.
1 run, upper cut first ball bouncer outside off and he guides it over the keeper, one bounce to third man.
1 run, good length and sliding on outside off. Steps out and is caught inside the line and far away from the pitch of that. Stabbed to short third's right off the outside edge.
1 run, good length and just outside off, steps out and punches to long-on.
no run, good length at off stump, defended down the pitch.
1 run, short on middle and the batsman nearly holes out to deep midwicket as well as he goes for the pull and doesn't time it but on the bounce to the fielder, luckily for him.
1 run, still round the wicket, full and straight, driven to mid-off on the edge of the circle.
no run, length ball just outside off, and the slider goes straight through. Stoinies nudges it towards mid-on.
no run, the reverse sweep but he picks out short third man. Executes nicely, not quite placed well enough though.
1 run, full on leg stump, driven firmly to long-on.
no run, short of a length on middle stump, pushed through midwicket off the back foot.
no run, is he trying to leave or ramp or pull? Ends up doing half of each shot and sends the short ball to midwicket.
1 run, full outside off, driven along the floor to long-off.
no run, length outside off, jammed to mid-off's left.
1 run, back of a length and breaks away outside off, the batsman goes deep in the crease and punches to long-off.
no run, on a length, 144ks, just outside off, defended off the back foot.
2 runs, length ball around off, a lofted off drive by Hardik as mid-off was up. The long-on fielder cuts it off to two. Was a knuckle ball from Bhuvi.
(no ball) SIX runs, another beamer. Head high. And most incredibly, the batsman gets out of the way, and ramps it for a six over long leg.
1 wide, short and down leg side. Can't connect on it.
1 run, length, and he pushes this towards square leg to pick up a single.
1 leg bye, short ball, and he plays this towards long leg. Called a leg bye, and they pick one in the end, after some frantic running by Pandya.
1 run, short again, he pulls this squarer to the man who has moved a touch squarer on the rope.
1 run, short, but no power behind the pull. Gets a single to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, misfielded at the fence to undo a good delivery. Mavi stays full enough - even though not quite the yorker - to deny him a free hit. the batsman sends it to long-on, where Cummins lets the bowler down. That's the batsman's fastest fifty in IPL.
OUT, appeal immediately, given immediately! the bowler has turned it on! the batsman has no answer to this mean bouncer headed for his face. Not even close to playing a hook. It's flicked the glove before half his swing is in. He's out before he can put in a semblance of a follow through. What. An. Over.
5 runs, breaks that streak! And it's five. the bowler has the right to be seething. Good length outside off, dabbed to backward point for a run. Hooda runs in and throws unnecessarily at the batsman's end. No back-up. FIVE.
OUT, back of a length on middle, but the batsman makes a lot of room on the leg side. Pulls it towards the leg side, but Krunal takes a screamer! He's at short fine leg, but needs to race towards the square-leg boundary. Dives forward, and takes an excellent catch!.
no run, sharp offbreak, from middle and off, and he is beaten by the turn.
1 run, a slower ball, straight, worked off the stumps down to long leg.
1 run, half-tracker on off, but the batsman can't punish it. Pulled, along the ground, to deep midwicket.
1 run, slower ball, nipping in from around off, the batsman waits for it and flicks it to short fine leg's right.
FOUR runs, lovely shot. Wrong'un, around off, and he manages to cut this up and over cover. Not enough room to be doing that, but he still manages to do so.
1 run, short of length around middle, the batsman goes back and pulls it towards long-on.
FOUR runs, another slower ball, the problem is that's too short and angled in, asking to be picked up towards deep squareleg and that's exactly what the batsman does.
no run, full on middle stump, well forward and defends down the pitch.
2 runs, length at leg stump, allows that on, nudged to deep square's right.
FOUR runs, but if you bowl plum half-volleys on the pads, the batsman won't need the single to get off strike. Clipped away for an easy boundary that takes him to 9000 T20 runs.
1 run, shortish and outside off, the batsman sets up for the pull, but it's the long boundary there, and he can only find midwicket.
OUT, leg stump outta there! Stunning, stunning comeback from Kings XI Punjab. And the bowler has delivered. 20 off 10 in a position he'd never batted before in a T20, and now he's here, taking his third wicket, almost dead-set nailing Capitals fortune with an inswinging yorker that's gone past KG's slog. On a hat-trick!.
1 run, length, and he moves away to the leg side to create some room for himself, and then plays this towards deep backward square.
no run, bouncer, outside off, left alone by the batsman.
1 run, fuller ball, and he can only drive this towards midwicket.
nan
1 run, full and in at middle stump, backs away and drives to long-on.
no run, tossed up, he square drives to Ishant who misfields, there's a mix up but they don't run eventually.
FOUR runs, gets in his head again and drags this over short fine this time. Backs into the leg side and then returns to his stance. the bowler bowls short at leg stump again. the batsman gets low and turns it over the infield.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended solidly on the front foot.
2 runs, full, just outside off, and Parthiv clobbers a cover drive past cover's left. Wide long-off runs around the boundary to intercept.
OUT, given out caught behind now. the batsman looks confused, has a chat with Jos, and then walks off. It's a good length ball in at leg stump. His front foot is well in the leg side and he's had another ungainly hoick at this. Inside edge past leg stump and taken low to the left by DK. Strange sequence of shots from the batsman leading up to that dismissal.
no run, short of a length just outside off, punched into the covers off the back foot.
1 run, Natarajan at third man charges in but decides not to go for the catch. Dhawan upper-cuts it outside off, and the shouts are for the catch, but Natarajan decides he won't be able to make it and saves the boundary.
1 leg bye, snakes back in from length to thud into his thigh pad and deflect to short third man.
FOUR runs, slaps this over cover point. Too short and angling away, the batsman cleared his front leg to wallop this.
FOUR runs, length on middle, Dhawan extends his arms, using the length even though the line was good and picks it up over mid-on, timing it beautifully, couple of bounces and into the boundary.
1 run, full and straight, runs off the inside half to square leg for one.
OUT, first he takes out Kohli and now has the batsman. Absolute half-tracker down leg, the batsman rocks back and pulls this straight to deep square leg. Unadkat takes an excellent low catch.
no run, back of a length outside off, he was giving himself some room to flay it to the offside, but misses.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and cut to third man for a single.
OUT, nice one-handed grab by de Kock. the batsman's poor record against Mumbai continues. He makes room to try to pull. the bowler sticks with the plan: short, at his body. The top edge is flying over de Kock's head, but he leaps with perfect timing and grabs this with the right mitt.
1 run, a slower ball on off, inside-edged to square leg.
FOUR runs, back of a length on middle stump, no turn, slides on, the batsman backs away outside leg and crunches it over the covers again.
no run, beaten. Good length ball sliding across the corridor. Front leg into the leg side and a big slog at that.
1 run, outside off, and DK comfortably runs it down to third man.
1 run, smart bowling. Sees him come down, and slows it down and pulls the length ball. Pushed to extra cover for one.
no run, full and into leg stump. Jammed to the bowler's left.
1 run, drops the length this time. Good length on off stump, and the batsman comes dancing down the wicket. Tapped towards cover, and they complete the single. Knight Riders finish on 191 for 7.
FOUR runs, short of a length, angled into the leg side, and the batsman tucks off the pads past Ishan Kishan diving to his right.
1 run, wide of the crease, 103ks, full and outside off, dragged through midwicket off the inside half.
2 runs, good length on middle, and the batsman tucks it towards fine leg for a comfortable double. Whipped off his hips.
no run, short and just outside off, angled into the body. Punched to cover's left off the back foot.
2 runs, lands safe! Length ball outside off, Parthiv goes for the slog sweep but fails to middle, luckily it lands safe near deep midwicket.
OUT, aaaand stumped! the batsman came dancing down the wicket, but the bowler dropped his length. Pitches it just outside off and the ball spins away from the batsman. He misses, and Klaasen whips the bails off in no time. Big, big wicket!.
FOUR runs, the batsman skips away outside leg, gets the full length he was looking for. He manufactures width and belts it away to the cover boundary.
no run, short and wide outside off, left alone.
1 run, bouncer at middle stump, mistimed pull out towards deep square.
1 run, low full toss at 132kmh on off, pushed gently down the ground for one.
1 run, good length and skidding on at leg stump. Hurriedly nudged to deep midwicket.
no run, beaten. Short and across off stump, doesn't get up as he looks to pull.
1 run, slower ball to start the over. Tapped off the back foot to short third man with ease.
OUT, and that's the end of Parthiv's little cameo! Slower ball on off, Parthiv pushes at it, there's a bit of extra bounce, takes the splice and balloons straight to point.
1 run, short of length on the leg stump, the batsman was looking to come down the track but had to tuck it in front of square in the end.
1 run, good length, keeping it stump to stump, slower ball this time. He moves behind it and punches to long on with a straight bat.
no run, full on off, comes forward, smothers the spin and defends safely.
2 runs, offcutter short ball, pulled wide of long-on, and they come back for two. Not one on-pace delivery this over.
FOUR runs, he lofts this back over the bowler's head! Glorious stroke. Reached out and just swung easily through the line with control straight at the sightscreen.
no run, goes for a big sweep but the bowler has smartly bowled it slow and the batsman is through with the shot already, goes on to hit the stumps but doesn't matter.
1 run, pulls the length back a touch, pushed down to long-on for one.
1 run, good length on middle stump, tapped off the back foot to mid on.
no run, slower ball just outside off, blocked on the front foot.
no run, little shorter in length, and he cuts this towards point.
no run, slower ball outside off, and Harshal waits for a long time before fending it back to the bowler.
1 run, fired in as a low full toss, clipped to the leg side.
1 run, full on middle, and worked off his toes to wide long on.
1 run, short of a length across him, opens the face and finds short third man.
FOUR runs, oh glorious. Give us eleven of this guy. Hangs on the back foot to this length ball outside off and opens the face late to drive this between point and cover. Neither of them had a chance.
2 runs, moves across the line to work this wide of mid-on for two.
1 run, good length on middle, patted down to long-on.
1 run, digs this one in, the batsman is looking to pull, but gets a thick edge over point for a single.
1 run, drifting into off, he sits back and works a single to the gap at midwicket to feed the strike to Patel.
1 run, short outside off, sliced to sweeper cover.
2 runs, yorker, just outside leg, and hammered to wide long on. They come back for the second.
no run, skidding into the pads, turned to midwicket.
SIX runs, heaved away! That's a top shot. the bowler flattens his trajectory and takes this away from the batsman, but the batsman swings cleanly and with loads of timing to eaisly clear long-off.
1 run, googly at a good length, watches it closely and rides the bounce to jab this between slip and short third off the back foot.
1 run, down the wicket, the bowler tucks him up with a shortish delivery. Concedes a single to midwicket.
1 run, a slower ball on middle, worked to deep midwicket. Decent over.
FOUR runs, full and wide, a poor ball. Slashed over backward point with fierce power. A brief counter-attack and KKR back in front.
no run, good length and just outside off, punched to mid-off's right.
no run, googly leaving off stump, not short enough to cut, the batsman slashes and misses.
no run, full on off stump, driven back to the bowler.
no run, beaten on the reverse shot. Good length and turning into the corridor. Wanted to hoick behind third man but was a bit too quick with getting in position for that. Lost his bearings, flicked his thigh on the way to Buttler. Or was it glove? Yes it was!.
no run, chest-high short ball on the leg stump, pings the glove of the batsman was looking to fend it off.
1 run, good length outside off, punched to sweeper cover.
3 runs, short, wide, he backs away and hits this point for three.
SIX runs, heaves this over midwicket again! He didn't middle this. It was a drag down, he heaved it high over midwicket, he was worried it may not carry but it went all the way.
no run, very full on off stump, almost a yorker, jabbed to extra-cover.
FOUR runs, edge past the keeper! Oh, poor Axar. He's foxed the batsman twice in two balls and still gone for 10. This is slow, at a length, wide outside off. the batsman down the track and nowhere near the ball. Reaches out, no shape, throws his hands at it and somehow manages to get it past the keeper.
1 run, length on the stumps, tapped to long-on.
no run, past the edge. Bouncer at an off stump line. Backs away and slashes to try and get something on this. Is beaten by a long way.
1 run, almost a yorker outside off, and Hardik does well to dig it out. The ball's going towards Krunal, and the bowler can't field it despite the effort.
1 run, good length and turning in at middle stump, leans forward and flicks gently to mid-on's right.
OUT, a flimsy flap to mid-off! the batsman is through the ball too soon, driving on a full length, the bottom hand comes off the bat, and Yadav makes no mistake.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off, and he slaps a cut-shot to extra cover.
no run, cops that on the box, it appears. Short of a length ball sneaks under his attempted pull and catches him flush in the box.
SIX runs, front leg out of the way for the slog sweep. Good length and at a middle stump line. Down on one knee and that slides on nicely as he swings from underneath.
no run, through the pull even before the short of length cutter arrived, on the bounce to Ishan Kishan.
1 run, short and wide, lucky to get away with it as the batsman has cut this straight to deep cover.
no run, terrific over from the bowler, short outside off. Kishan tries to lace a cut through backward point but makes no contact.
FOUR runs, full and just outside off, backs into the leg side and drills this wide of mid-off. Sweet timing on it.
no run, carrom ball, bowled with a pause in the sride, driven to extra cover.
FOUR runs, lovely flick-pull. Short of a length, hip-high, and he unfurls his wrists to impart power into this and hit it through square leg.
FOUR runs, looks like a misfield or at the very least half an effort from extra cover. Length outside off, leans in on the front foot, down on his knees as he drives with an extension of his arms. Tahir sticks out a reluctant hand and lets it pass.
2 runs, length on leg stump, whipped to deep square's left.
1 run, good length and sliding onto off stump. Punched to long-off on the up.
1 run, full on off, and the drive's been crunched to Rana at cover point. Stopped well, but his throw doesn't hit the stumps. Allows them to take an overthrow.
FOUR runs, begins with a reverse sweep for four. Fired in but outside off, he changed his bat grip quickly to put that low full toss away past the diving backward point fielder.
no run, full and fast, driven hard but straight to mid-on.
no run, stands tall and punches this length ball to extra cover.
1 wide, tries to paddle it fine on leg, misses and it's a wide.
2 runs, slower ball, and he reads it well and flicks this away towards backward square leg and picks up a comfortable two.
SIX runs, check drives over the bowler's head! Hold that pose, son! It's the cutter on leg stump, and he simply lifts it into the stands. Oof.
FOUR runs, low full toss swung into the corridor outside off. Half a stride out and punched firmly to deep point's left.
no run, full outside off, and driven to cover.
1 run, length at off stump, tapped down to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, slog-sweeps, doesn't get all off it, and takes just the single to deep midwicket.
no run, full on off, quick delivery, hits Dhawan on the splice as he pushes it to mid-off.
no run, googly and cramped again at middle stump. Mistimed back foot punch trickles into the covers.
1 run, length outside off, mistimed punch back down the pitch. the bowler parries it to long-off.
FOUR runs, oh those last two punches pushed the sweeper in front of square, and then he rocks back to late-cut this flat delivery through point for four. Much-needed good over for DC.
SIX runs, that is a high full toss. And just a nonchalant flick of the wrists sends this sailing over deep square leg for six. Still alive. Not called a no-ball.
no run, straightens off the deck as it slants across, defended from the crease.
1 run, short of length outside off, goes down and sweeps it towards deep square leg.
1 run, some flight there outside off, de the batsman waits and drives to sweeper cover.
OUT, the bowler keeps on delivering. the batsman has to go for it as the asking rate keeps climbing. He looks for the big sweep, but has been done in by the wrong'un. The top edge settles with Karthik.
no run, and he attempts a cheeky paddle-scoop first ball, but the bowler rushes a full ball right between his legs for a vital dot ball.
1 run, slower length ball on off stump, gets down on one knee to sweep to deep square leg.
1 run, bouncer. Tewatia's, Rashid's, Stoinis's, everyone's revenge will be taken by your the bowler. Mean bouncer, he throws up his hands to protect his face.
1 run, arm ball at a length on leg stump. Tickles it to short fine's right.
no run, slower ball, on a length, around off, pushed to short straight midwicket.
1 run, length around off, stays back and punches it towards long-on.
2 runs, gentle bunt to point as they scamper a run even as Jadeja fires a quick throw, misses the stumps at the striker's end and they sneak in an overthrow.
1 run, angles across him, and he plays it down towards third man.
1 run, full and into leg stump, flicked to deep midwicket.
1 wide, wide on the crease, bowls wide, called wide.
no run, flat, pushed through on off stump, clipped with the turn to midwicket.
SIX runs, legbreak, he picks it, and goes over for the big leg-side fence. Clean straight hit over long-on. That is a brave and well-timed hit.
no run, nicely bowled. the batsman comes charging, but the googly spins away. An improvised block.
3 runs, clears his front leg and goes over cover, the timing not quite there and the cover fielder hares back to stop the ball.
2 runs, back of a length close to off stump, nice use of the hands to manipulate his bat face and tuck it away through square leg.
no run, they've reviewed an lbw decision, have CSK. This is a legbreak that has hit the batsman in front of middle as he looks to flick with a short stride. Spinning a long way though. Is there bat on it? Tiny murmur on UltraEdge but that is not bat deems the umpire. But that's okay for the batsman. It's spinning past off stump. CSK lose the review. Dhoni was sheepish when he took that, he was taking a chance on it.
1 run, tucked to short fine leg.
no run, changes it up. Low full toss outside off and the batsman looks to run it past point with an open face. It lands in front of him on the bounce.
1 run, length ball on off, and driven down to long off. the bowler nearly gets his hands to this. An excellent spell comes to an end.
no run, length ball, just outside off, and tapped back to Moeen.
2 runs, flighted on middle, and the straight drive takes a leading edge over cover! Just over the fielder, and that means more work for AB at long off.
FOUR runs, dropped short and sliding away outside off, that's ripe for the cut. the batsman goes on the back foot and cracks it away to the left of backward point.
2 runs, yorker at leg stump, backs away and squeezes to deep extra cover.
1 wide, slower bouncer, dug in too short. Doesn't even need to duck at that.
1 run, good length on middle stump, punched to long-on off the back foot.
1 run, shorter on middle and leg, the batsman sits back and forces it through midwicket.
1 run, good length and just outside off, allows that in and opens the face to steer to third man.
1 run, short and turning into the body. Punches to long-on off the back footsh.
no run, slower in the air, the batsman looks for the turn, but this goes straight on to hit the inside half of the bat.
1 run, short, and he looks to go down the ground, and it goes in the air, but falls short of the vacant mid on region.
FOUR runs, slower one outside off from around the wicket, fuller in the length. Parthiv moves across and pulls it wide of long-on for four, gets to his fifty, his second off the season.
FOUR runs, full on middle, and he tries to smack a drive through the covers. Ball takes an inside edge, goes through Moeen's legs, and splits fine leg and deep backward square. Lucky.
1 leg bye, floated up at the pads, deflected to the leg side. Ashwin gets the strike.
OUT, straight to short extra! the bowler Sharma has the batsman for the sixth time in the IPL in 42 balls! Overpitched ball just outisde off, backs away and drills this cover drive. Straigh to Warner. Didn't have to move.
SIX runs, massive. A legbreak outside off, Axar gets underneath the length and lofts the ball cleanly and elegantly over long-on. Another big hit. The more you see shots like this, the more you think Kings XI are struggling here.
no run, the bowler goes even slower but shorter, and beats him on the pull.
2 runs, length ball on off, blocked to short cover. Rahane there sees Hardik backing up and fires a throw that hits the stumps. And they take extra runs off the deflection.
no run, yorks him as he walks down leg side. Beaten.
1 run, short outside off, cut away to deep point.
2 runs, length on middle, the batsman swings hard again, only manages a thick inside edge towards deep midwicket but that's good for two.
no run, length ball around off, comes forward and turns it towards short midwicket.
no run, length outside off, looks to open up the off side to drive. Gets it off the low part of the bat to mid-off.
no run, wild heave is mistimed. It trickles out to mid-on. A length ball outside off.
1 run, good length and just outside off, steps out and punches to long-off on the up.
no run, past the edge. Short of a length at middle and off. Arches into the leg side for try and steer to third man again.
1 run, on the back foot, pressed into the off side. Good line and solid pace.
no run, length ball on off, blocked on the front foot.
5 runs, length on the pads, pushed wide of mid-on, they take off for a quick single, the fielder has a go at the non striker's, and the ricochet off the bat changes direction and races away for overthrows.
1 run, full and straight, pushed to long-on for one.
OUT, he's got him! First ball after the break and a celebration that isn't in the same class as the ball he's just bowled. the bowler sends off his state captain. This skids on from outside off. the batsman is stabbing away from the body for the legbreak as he's caught dead in front of off stump.
1 run, yorker, and he makes room, but can only hit it straight down the wicket towards long off.
1 wide, tries an encore and it's drifted away too much. Tension building. Mohit needs to hold his own here. the batsman has loads of experience in these situations. Injured back or not, you don't want to be bowling to him in these situations.
no run, backs away again, but the bowler bowls a smart short slower ball at 128ks. Just runs the fingers on it. Extra bounce beats his attempt at the cut.
no run, full at leg stump, bunted to mid-on.
SIX runs, length ball on off stump, 139ks, the batsman clears his front leg and plants the bowler into the stands beyond long-off. Powerful swing of the arms.
no run, chipped, but lands short of Williamson at cover.
1 run, back of a length and outside off, the batsman steps away outside leg and flat-bats the ball to the right of mid-off.
FOUR runs, the batsman is not going to die wondering either. He makes room to go through covers, and gets a bottom edge on a skiddy length ball, and past short fine leg it goes.
no run, sets up early for the switch hit, misses, he's hit on the pad, outside the line, the batsman takes off but is wisely sent back.
FOUR runs, short, and he hangs back, and slogs this away towards midwicket.
no run, knuckle ball, 114ks, and the batsman is well early into the shot. The lob back to him doesn't carry to Sharma.
2 runs, lofted but in the gap didn't try to hit it too hard, just chipped it in the air over cover and it lands safe.
no run, fuller again, around off and sliding in, the batsman comes forward and looks to defend, fails to middle as the ball rolls towards short fine leg.
FOUR runs, as dreamy as the batsman's voice. Wide half-volley, and he leans into it, and push-drives it through cover. This is the bowler at 150ks.
SIX runs, heaves it over deep midwicket! Too short. Too straight. Too easy. Big pull. the batsman in all his glory. And a man in the crowd takes the catch and keeps it. Now he has to deal with a policeman demanding it back.
OUT, stumped by a mile! Terrible shot this. He was under pressure. He ran down the track and stayed leg side, the bowler looped it up outside off, it spun sharply away from the batsman, he missed it by a long way and had to keep walking. Easy stumping for Pant.
1 run, short ball, and he chips it out towards point and takes a quick single. Well played by the batsman.
(no ball), 144.2ks full-toss on off or just outside off from the bowler. the batsman swings for the hills, his bat flies over his shoulder into the leg side. Spliced away in the air, Kishan runs back and catches it at point. Hold on, they're checking for a front-foot no-ball. No-ball it is. the bowler's front foot has strayed. It's all happening in Chennai.
SIX runs, pumped over his head first ball. Sweet hit. The pace on the ball helps. Full ball just outside off, half stride and good swing.
SIX runs, that's maaaaaassive! Wheeee. Big hit from the batsman. Now there is time to take it easy too. Full and straight, right in the slot for the batsman, who stays upright and then lofts the ball over long-on. Lovely hit.
OUT, Deepak the bowler, what a star! Again some very sharp movement outside off, the away-swinger. the batsman, no feet, throws his hands at it, and gets a healthy outside edge that third man runs forward to grab. Poor shot, and Sunrisers in big trouble.
OUT, are we in for a double-wicket maiden? the batsman has been placing these perfectly all night but has found the man at long leg now. Short of a length, into the body, uses his wrists to punch this in the air, but straight to Boult.
no run, bunts this length ball to mid-ooff.
1 run, slight shimmy down the wicket to push this length ball down to long-on.
SIX runs, oh man this is some hitting. the bowler got away once, but the batsman is waiting for the next one. his is slightly fuller, slightly closer to off, and the batsman lofts it over long-off. It is like a range-hitting season.
1 run, pulled nicely, but there is a sweeper back at deep midwicket. Short ball, and Jofra connects well from outside off.
no run, full and swinging away from middle and off, Dhawan rooted to the crease as he leaves.
1 run, full at off stump, driven down to long-off.
SIX runs, this is more filth. Short down leg, would you want the ball anything else? Suryakumar helps that along over fine leg for six. Just uses that pace and erroneous line.
1 run, back of a length offcutter, angling across to off stump, pulled to deep square leg.
no run, length ball on off, and some extra bounce forces the batsman to defend off the back foot.
1 run, on a length, outside off, he goes back to work this past cover-point for one.
2 runs, flat, on a length, punched wide of deep cover for a couple.
no run, back of a length close to off stump, shuffles across to clip to midwicket.
no run, down the wicket again, the bowler stays short of a length, pushed to cover.
1 run, a legbreak outside off, tapped to point for a run. And the batsman has 6000 T20 runs.
1 run,  just in!  Saved by a centimeter or so, I'd say. This was a direct hit at the bowler's end from short third man. the batsman jabbed at this and was late to react to Rohit's call. Somehow made it in the end.
no run, length ball wide outside off. Dips in a touch, very late, as he lets this go.
no run, great ball, went slightly wider of the crease and a yorker on middle stump. Yusuf can only dig it back out to the bowler.
no run, full outside off, the batsman tries to chop it away with an angled bat, is beaten on the outside edge.
FOUR runs, what the weirdness  the bowler is looking for the wide yorker. Misses his mark by about two inches. And the batsman is waiting, crouched in his stance, the bat face open, and at the perfect time, unleashes a scoop over third man.
FOUR runs, stays wide again, and this time Sharma has a go at it, and lofts him in front of deep cover for four.
1 wide, stays back and tries to whip a length ball away but it drifts down the leg side.
1 run, quicker one on middle, uses the depth of the crease and turns it around towards squareleg.
SIX runs, slower ball, and he has got a good hold of this. Was in no great shape, but gave it a right ol' humpty! Sails over midwicket.
no run, short of a good length and into the body. Mistimed swipe across the line, off the thick inside edge to fine leg's right.
SIX runs, one more, not a drop of sweat and that's gone over long on! Another fullish delivery from the bowler, on the stumps and right in the zone for the batsman to hit it straight.
FOUR runs, deft and effective. Short and climbing in the corridor. He leaps off the ground, watches that right under his eyes and opens the face to dab this past short third man.
FOUR runs, dropped by Rohit Sharma at mid off! He lofted a drive straight of mid off, Rohit running to his right on the circle got both hands up but tried to catch it with the flight at it burst through and went for four! Tough chance but probably should have been caught.
no run, slight swing away as he pitches up. Pushed to cover. And Rahane fielding again. They have used him cleverly as a 12th man. Invariably he is on the field.
2 runs, good length outside off, steps out and drives with the turn to long-off's right.
no run, beats him. Good length and moves away off the the pitch outside off as he pushes out at this.
no run, offcutter, full outside off. Forces the batsman to get onto the front foot, but all he can do is defend it back to the bowler.
no run, fiery. Short of a length and steep in the corridor. the batsmans drops his arms and gets the bat into the leg side to let this pass.
1 run, slower length ball on off, punched to sweeper cover.
1 run, slower ball, the batsman well early into the shot, ends up dragging this towards deep midwicket, but it doesn't carry to the man.
no run, short and pushed wide outside off. Cut on the bounce to extra cover.
OUT, make that 0, 0, 0, 0. the bowler's deadly inward angle and skiddiness does in another batsman. the batsman's front leg moves half-forward and across the stumps, and he ends up playing around his front pad looking to work it into the leg side. The angle beats his inside edge, and it's the plumblest of lbw decisions thereafter.
no run, looks to go big over cover, but toe ends this back towards the bowler.
SIX runs, over long on! Dropped in the stands, though. Full on off, in the batsman's arc. Huge stride forward and makes a solid base to launch. Goes through with his shot thereafter, and it lands in the first tier.
no run, length on off, googly, cramps him for room as he tries to cut.
SIX runs, another poor delivery. A length slower ball on middle and off, the batsman swats the delivery over midwicket. Picked the variation. Might want to change his line.
no run, good length at leg stump, defended to mid-on.
1 run, good length, swung away outside off and he uses that to stab this to deep point.
1 run, slides in with the arm from a length, punched down to long-on.
FOUR runs, slower ball, Dhawan down the pitch, swings to mid-on to shouts of catch it, but he has cleared the man.
no run, length ball dipping in and ripping out. At a length outside off. the batsman fishes at it and is beaten.
no run, down the track, giving himself room and swings and misses. Length ball moving away from him.
no run, flatter one on middle and leg, tucks this to short midwicket.
1 run, a knuckle ball, length outside off, drives it towards sweeper cover.
no run, bouncer at an off stump line. Normal pace this time, he's forced to get his head out of the way.
FOUR runs, length but on middle and leg, the batsman once again uses the pace and glances it fine four another boundary.
no run, short of a length, around off, looks to open the face for one, but he is cramped up by the line. Dot.
no run, beauty! Full on off, and Hardik comes forward to defend the googly. But the ball turns away from Hardik, and just misses his outside edge. Well kept by Bairstow.
no run, length on off, extra bounce for the bowler as the batsman lunges forward and defends to point.
FOUR runs, the same shots he played so well against Daredevils, bad news for Sunrisers. It's full outside off, he walks across and doesn't bother about the spin because it's a cross-batted slog with so much elegance over midwicket. What do you do?.
FOUR runs, ramped over short third man! It's full outside off, and the batsman gets down on one knee, opens the bat's face, and sends it over the infield. The Royals camp erupts!.
1 run, full at off stump, sliced to sweeper cover.
1 run, good length outside off, and carved off the back foot to deep point.
SIX runs, length ball, and he gets the toe-end as he looks to swing this towards midwicket. It goes all the way over long on, though. Fetches this from outside off.
2 runs, goes deep in his crease to pull this to deep midwicket, where Vijay Shankar runs around and cuts off the boundary.
1 run, length outside off, on one knee as he drags this to deep midwicket.
FOUR runs, what a shot moves slightly across expecting Ishant to stick to the line wide outside off, and gets in perfect position to flay this over cover with a flourish.
no run, good length and across the corridor, opens the face and gets this to short third.
2 runs, another reverse sweep, and this time he gets a top edge back over Karthik's head.
no run, another excellent yorker-length ball angling away, the batsman can't get any bat as he looks to carve this behind square.
no run, another ramp attempted, this time by Surya, and he is beaten. It just misses the leg stump. Well done by the umpire to not call this a wide.
1 run, back of a length, but only 125kph. Enough time for the batsman to pull behind square for a single.
1 run, length, angles away, and he punches this towards mid off, who dives away to his right, and saves three runs potentially. They can pick up a single, though.
1 run, short, and he goes up on his toes and punches this towards sweeper cover, who is stationed by the fence.
1 leg bye, good length and sliding into the pads as he looks to flick. Single stolen from short fine.
2 runs, tossed up outside off, the batsman drives to a misfielding Samson at sweeper cover, ran in too quickly and couldn't bend down properly. Gives away an extra single.
no run, short of a length, outside off, punched to cover.
1 run, shortish and wide outside off, swatted towards cover, who lazily fields and allows one.
FOUR runs, full on the pads and nonchalantly chipped over mid-on, a few bounces and into the boundary.
2 runs, full on the pads, clipped away to deep squareleg's right along the ground this time and they come through for an easy couple.
1 run, length ball on the stumps, tucked away towards the right of long-on, only a single.
OUT, the bowler has the breakthrough! Tosses this full, and the batsman goes for a full-blooded straight drive. Couldn't keep it down, though, and Yadav is quick to get across and latch on. Applause for the batsman as he walks off. Fantastic batting from the RCB captain, and they have the opportunity to really push for some scoreboard pressure on KKR today.
1 run, length ball, just outside off, and he skips down the wicket before tapping this to midwicket for a jogging single.
1 run, googly, short of a good length on leg stump. Pushed out to long-on off the back foot.
no run, inside edge as it's a googly on a good length outside off this time. This time, there is gap between bat and pad.
no run, legbreak, just short of a length, middle and leg. Defended back.
1 run, stands tall and works this short of length delivery off his hip to deep square.
1 run, dropped! But catches like these need to stick. And R Ashwin did so well to actually turn it into a chance. Standing on the edge of the circle at mid-off, he times his jump perfectly, reaching out with his right hand above his head and grabbing a firm hold of the ball. But as he comes down, he loses his grip and the batsman gets a life. Blistering shot, going inside out over the off side, and there was just enough power for him to bat on.
OUT, length ball, wide outside off, and he drills a drive to cover. Straight to Dhawan, and he quickly throws down the stumps at the bowler's end. Mayank's out of his crease, and that's a direct hit! Kings XI lose their third, this against the run of play.
2 runs, short of a length, outside off, punched past point.
no run, short of a length and into his mid-riff. Looks to turn that with the angle but can only get it pitch side via his thigh guard.
2 runs, slower ball, and he sets up to go through midwicket. Gets a slight edge towards the fielder there. There's a direct hit at the striker's end, but the deflection allows them to take the overthrow.
1 run, good length on off, swipes it with a horizontal bat to long-off.
1 run, punched to long-on for an easy single.
1 run, short of a length outside off, late cut down to third man.
SIX runs, all the way into the crowd this time over long on! Slow offcutter from the bowler, well outside off and it gave Dhawan the chance to swing his arms even more for a straighter hit down the ground. Good spot of the variation.
2 runs, full, wide and on-pace it seems. Not the cleanest of connections but gets this into the gap between long-off and deep cover.
1 run, good length outside off, driven to sweeper cover's left.
SIX runs, walks across the stumps and scoops this full delivery over short fine leg. All three stumps exposed. the bowler missed his yorker and watched him lap sweep. the batsman power. Finds an admirer in VVS from the dugout.
1 run, goes too hard at this fullish length ball and loses shape as he swings, skewed off the toe-end into the off side.
no run, full on the pads, the batsman plays a little early, looking to flick, ends up playing it back to the bowler.
no run, length around off, the batsman is unsure and in the end, pushes it towards covers.
1 run, runs this down to short third man to bring up his fifty.
1 wide, length ball just wide of the marker outside off, left alone.
no run, full and into the pads. A bat-pad situation as he looks to flick. There's half an appeal.
nan
FOUR runs, chance, but not taken! the bowler hangs out a length ball, angles across Dhawan, and takes the outside edge as he pokes forward, and the man at a wide slip position, Nitish Rana, cannot hold on to it.
FOUR runs, loopy slower ball, fuller this time, full enough for Suryakumar to swing through the line and hit it back down the ground, over the non-striker's head and to the left of long-on.
no run, goes right back to defend, this one keeps a touch low and the batsman nearly dragged one back.
2 runs, full toss, on the pads, gets just the two as he is not looking to hit sixes just yet.
1 run, back of a length and angling across off, steered with the angle to third man.
OUT, one more run-out. Pant just puts his head down and runs with the batsman not even moving. This is poor running from Pant. the batsman pushes this straight to short midwicket and takes a couple of instinctive steps down the wicket. Only to realise Pant is there looking into his eyes. All you can say is, this is the batsman's call, and Pant should have waited for it.
no run, full, on off, driven hard and back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, tossed up on middle and leg, but the batsman backs away to make some extra room. Muscles it over cover, and manages to do enough to lift it over the infield. Not off the bat's centre, but enough behind it to take it the extra-cover boundary.
1 wide, bouncer, but a wide down the leg side.
1 run, again the front-of-the-hand delivery. Short of a length, but surprises the batsman with no spin. He recovers well to pull him to deep midwicket.
1 run, quicker one delivered with the front of the hand. 106kph, short and at the legs stump. Whipped aerially towards deep square.
no run, length outside off, bit of width, the batsman throws his bat at it but finds extra cover again.
no run, good length slower ball wide outside off, left alone.
SIX runs, full toss angling in and he's deposited this over deep square leg. This is magnificent, didn't try to over-hit. All timing and class. Magical wrist work to flick this.
FOUR runs, lovely drive to thread the heavily populated cover field. Between cover and cover-point, along the ground. And he has played it on the up too. Top notch.
1 run, good length slower ball wide outside off, walks into that trying to slap it through cover. Thick outside edge to Dhoni's right and Maxwell calls him through.
no run, leading edge, just wide of cover. Hit the deck hard, got some lift.
no run, cops it on the back leg. Good length ball at middle stump, loses shape on the attempted slog sweep.
1 run, follows him with a length ball, slogged to deep square for one.
SIX runs, spoils the over for the bowler! It was pitched up a bit and the batsman slog-swept that one with the turn over the fielder at deep midwicket!.
2 runs, length ball, angled in towards middle and leg, whipped away through midwicket.
1 run, back of a length on middle and leg, clipped to deep square leg for one.
1 run, short of a length, outside off, runs this down to third man for one.
SIX runs, flat-bats down the ground. I'm callin it. the batsman is setting up for the googly. The legspinners are doling them out generously. This one is short and the batsman just thumps it with a free swing of his arms.
no run, short ball, holds its line outside off, and left alone.
OUT, leading edge is taken by mid-off. It's wicket number three for the bowler. Full and at leg stump. Looks like a slight roll of the fingers from the bowler too. Dube looking to stab that through midwicket and closes the face too early. Warner runs in and holds that.
FOUR runs, guided past the keeper! Length ball, wide outside off, and the attempted late-cut is steered past Pant's right.
1 run, good length at off stump, punched to long-on.
1 run, back of a length again but that one didn't bounce as much. Parthiv rocked back, looking to pull but gets an under-edge to deep square leg.
1 run, length outside off, mistimed reverse sweep rolls to short third off the inside half of the bat.
2 runs, slower length ball, a legcutter, picked early by the batsman who times a flick and places it wide of the deep midwicket fielder.
1 wide, starts with a bouncer that the batsman ducks under, but it's too far above his head and will be a wide.
FOUR runs, short, and he gets under this and guides it over short fine leg and down to the fence for four. ARE YOU SERIOUS?.
1 run, good length and just outside off, steps out and punches to deep extra cover.
SIX runs, scorcher! Length ball slanted across, the batsman makes room and lofts through the line over mid-off. Pure hand-eye coordination this. Timing is incredible too.
1 run, full toss angling into middle and leg, squeezed towards Stokes at deep midwicket.
1 run, good length on off, dabbed into the offside for a quick single.
no run, good length and into leg stump, tapped to midwicket's left.
no run, beats him with a tossed up ball outside off and the batsman doesn't quite nail it with his sweep shot.
1 wide, this one slips out of his hand and is a wide full toss outside off.
1 run, full outside off, he sits back and check drives down to long off.
1 run, good length, sliding on outside off. Backs and slces to sweeper cover.
no run, good length on middle and angling into Kishan. Tries to whip it off his pads, but hits his thigh guard.
no run, fuller around off, looks to drill down the ground, gets off the bottom of the bat towards extra cover.
1 run, back of a length on middle, worked to deep square leg for a run.
1 run, shorter this time, and Faf rides the bounce to tuck a single square on the leg side.
1 run, short-arm jab down to deep midwicket.
SIX runs, waist-high full toss, the batsman drags his pull behind square! Soars into the stands as CSK get 17 off the over. The ball was aimed into the batsman' body, but he was in the perfect position to go through with that shot. Lucky that wasn't called a no ball.
1 run, slower ball at leg stump. Looks to step across and help it fine, but only manages a tickle off the thigh pad, to the left of the keeper.
no run, the bowler lobs up a legbreak, dips on middle, tickled away to short fine leg off the inside half.
FOUR runs, dominant batting. Fourth ball off the bowler and the fourth time he's walked down at him. And this time he uses his wrists and whips this length ball from wide outside off in front of deep backward square.
no run, length ball, from around the wicket. Landing on off and angling in further. the batsman makes room, and cuts square, but can't find the gap.
1 wide, was that a wide? Touch and go. Very full and out of the batsman's reach. Seemed like it was probably just within the line but the umpire thinks otherwise.
1 run, a low full toss, down the leg side. the batsman misses a flick somehow, off the pad to third man.
1 run, nearly holes out. Hit hard to long-off on the first bounce. The dugout stands up to applaud a maiden T20 century for Dhawan but he is not celebrating. He knows he has a job to do in the last over.
1 run, slices a length delivery into backward point, takes him to a 36-ball fifty dominated by boundarues.
OUT, the slow pitch does its job, and I also think he has bowled the knuckle ball here. Rohit gives him the charge, the bowler slows it down, and he ends up chipping it to mid-off. Just doesn't get enough timing to clear that man.
1 run, stays back inside the crease and pulls this down to deep fine leg.
1 wide, too wide this time, and Nitish lets it through to pick up the extra run.
SIX runs, half-tracker on middle, right in the batsman's swinging arc, he sits deep in the crease and launches a pull over midwicket. First boundary for CSK after 21 balls. the batsman finally connects with one.
FOUR runs, nails a sweep first ball. Down on a knee early, takes a length ball and sweeps it over square leg.
1 run, fuller on middle and leg, whipped between mid-on and midwicket.
no run, gets well forward and defends.
no run, tossed on leg stump, bunted to midwicket.
no run, good length and just outside off, clipped to midwicket off the front foot.
1 run, worked into the leg side, and into space for a single.
1 run, googly, skidding in from a good length outside off. Squeezed to deep square off the thick inside edge.
no run, dipping slower yorker, draws an appeal from the bowler, but Rahul has collected this well down the leg side so it can't have hit him in front. Just flicks the inside half of the foot.
no run, low full toss at leg stump, tapped to mid-on.
no run, down the wicket, creates a bit of a driving length, but ends up toe-ending this to cover-point.
to Rahul, 1 run, wide length ball, driven to deep point for one.
1 run, Jadeja misses de Villiers. the batsman has hit this straight to Jadeja at short third, and responds to AB's call. But Ab is really struggling except that Jadeja misses with the direct hit.
no run, beaten. Short and cramping him at an off stump line. Backs away for the cut and misses.
1 run, legbreak, short of a length, goes back to work this to leg for one.
OUT, he's skied that one and picks out long-on, look who's taken the catch - it's Hardik Pandya! This one was pretty wide outside off, hardly any flight, and the batsman went after it to dispatch it down the ground, not easy to smash a wide delivery with the spin. It went really high, and Hardik pouched it easily a few yards inside the boundary.
1 run, flat and heading into the pads, picked off to deep square leg.
no run, short on off, and the batsman tries to flat-bat this towards the off side. Comes off the bat's top half, and in the air. Lands just short of cover!.
1 run, yorker to start. And a good one at leg stump. No swinging room for Curran, who can only get it off the toe-end to deep midwicket.
1 run, full, slow and wide outside off. Gets out a stride and looks to drive hard. Ends up slicing to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, finds the gap! Another cutter outside off, the batsman opens the bat face and guides the ball into the gap between third man and point. Lovely.
no run, on a length, on off, pushed back to the bowler.
FOUR runs, short and just outside off, gets deep in the crease and chops it between backward point and short third.
no run, length on off, rushes on to him, nearly chops it back on attempting to cut.
2 runs, full on the pads, flicked away off the pads by Rohit for two in the gap.
no run, slower ball, angled in, pushes towards midwicket.
no run, full on leg stump, and the batsman's on drive takes a leading edge! Falls short of cover though.
1 run, both batsmen are at the same end! Anderson races through the moment the batsman glides the short ball to point. But the batsman himself is not terribly keen. Then he changes his mind and goes for the run. But wait, by that point Anderson realises he should get back to the non-strikers' end and all of that culminates with both he, the batsman and the bowler the bowler waiting on the fielder. The throw is poor, even the bowler can't save its blushes. And so, Anderson has the chance to complete the single he so dearly wanted.
1 wide, full outside off but too wide and the batsman lets it through to the keeper.
1 run, back of a length on middle, punched to long-on off the back foot.
no run, flighted outside off, and it's the wrong'un this time! Turns sharply into the batsman, who backs away and cuts to point.
SIX runs, for most parts, this was a mistimed pull, but well, it still cleared long on by a distance. I was looking mid on, but it just kept going, going ..
OUT, short ball, a little ball of fire, quick and wide, getting big on him. the batsman looks for the hook but goes only as far as deep midwicket.
no run, full on middle stump, but defended off the front foot to Gowtham.
1 run, slower ball, full on off stump. Driven down the ground to long on.
1 leg bye, a missed stumping opportunity. A difficult one because that seems to have hit the batsman and changed path. Good length ball outside off, he runs down at it and is beaten in pace. It hits the flap of the front pad as he misses and that takes it past DK's left shoudler.
1 run, full on off stump, driven to long-off.
1 run, a short delivery, he sits on the back foot and waits, then angles down to third man.
2 runs, short and wide again, and thankfully Smith has given him protection deep on the off side. Just the two this time.
no run, good length just outside off, pokes at it and taps it to point. Misfield at point makes the batsman contemplate the run. Eventually chooses to come back, but would've been out if the throw was a direct-hit.
no run, slower length ball outside off from around the wicket, Moeen was too early in to the pull, fails to connect.
1 run, the bowler offers up a hint of width, but there's protection at cover sweeper.
1 leg bye, quicker and flatter on off, the batsman ventures a reverse-sweep and deflects it over Rahane at slip off the forearm.
SIX runs, high full toss lifted past long-on. Just. It's outside off and his attempted pull is not off the middle of the bat. It is wide of long-on though, and just to his right.
1 run, it sounds like timber, but it is not. the batsman is moving around the crease to play with his length, but Tyagi bowls the perfect yorker on the middle stump. the batsman gets the bottom edge to survive this one. Oh hello, this has hit the toe first. So a plumb lbw not appealed for.
1 run, short of a length, slower, and it falls short of deep midwicket.
2 runs, back of a length keeps it stump to stump, and the ball doesn't bounce above the knee roll, the batsman comes on the front foot and flicks to deep square leg. The man has to run to his left so they get a couple.
2 runs, good length and into the pads, uses the angle and flicks to deep square's left.
2 runs, length ball, and he flicks this towards deep midwicket.
1 run, full on leg stump, and Kishan uses his feet to come down the wicket. Driven to long on.
1 run, short, and he rocks back and biffs this towards long on.
1 run, slower ball, full, just outside off, runs off the outside half of the bat for one.
1 run, length on off stump, leans in and drives with the turn to long-off.
1 run, flat, quick offbreak, punched to long-off for one.
1 run, short of a good length outside off, chopped to sweeper cover.
OUT, edged! Full outside off, and the batsman's drive away from his body takes the outside edge. Pocketed by Saha moving to his right.
1 run, back of a length around off, waits and opens the face to third man.
FOUR runs, sees the batsman stepping out and fires this wide. No problem, the batsman does well to reach out and then slam this inside-out over cover. Foxed him but he still had enough to use his reach to pick this.
SIX runs, short, and the batsman has whacked this one inside out. Six!.
no run, through to the keeper this time, but it's a dot ball too late.
1 run, short of a length, wrong'un, slow turn. He has time to adjust and punch this into the leg side.
no run, length, angled into the body, the batsman looks to pull but it hurries onto him and he takes it on the body, unable to make contact with the bat.
FOUR runs, full ball, and he creams this one back past the bowler towards long on. Mid on is up, and that was anyway hit straight enough.
1 run, taps this one square on the off side for a quick single.
1 run, length ball fired in at the pads. Taps it wide of mid-on.
FOUR runs, edged and flies away past the left of a diving Watson at first slip. Full and angling away outside off, the batsman flashes an outside edge and gets a fortunate four.
no run, back of a length and angling in from over the wicket, played back to the bowler.
1 run, cuts very late and finds backward point. Boundaries have completely dried up. They need some desperately.
no run, full, outside off, punched square on the off side, but straight to the fielder at point.
1 run, full on off, hammered to extra cover, bit of a fumble allows a single.
1 run, fuller on the stumps, drives it inside out towards long-on.
5 wide, slower length ball outside off, left alone but guess what? De Kock has let this through his legs. Four byes. Very poor.  Kohli fumes.
1 run, length outside off, opens the face and steers to deep backward point.
no run, length ball outside off, left alone as it holds its line.
1 run, short of a length on leg stump, goes on the back foot, tickles it wide of short fine.
1 run, quick yorker, leg stump, 142ks, dug out for one to short fine leg.
1 run, ooh was that a potential catch for Tahir at deep square leg? drags it a bit short, Parthiv pulls but in the air. Tahir decides against running in to dive, and collects on the bounce.
2 runs, short ball at leg stump, pulled to deep square's right.
FOUR runs, course if it's short like that, he can rock back, make room and cut the ball a shade outside off through the covers. Violent. Beautiful.
no run, quick legbreak, on a length, defended off the back foot.
1 run, full on leg, and whipped away to Krunal at sweeper on the leg side.
1 run, lots of turn outside off, the batsman stretches out to tap it through the covers.
1 run, good length on middle, and the batsman walks across to the off side to tap it towards midwicket.
no run, short of a length, stays low, just outside off, kept out.
1 run, sweeps that to chip it in the air towards the vacant area in square leg.
1 run, taps a short-of-a-length delivery to the leg side.
1 run, short of a length and just outside off, onto the back foot to punch to sweeper cover.
1 wide, slides one down leg, excellent stop by Rahul. The ball bounced before him as well.
1 run, length ball on the middle and leg, tucked away towards square leg.
1 run, full, into the pads, worked away to long leg.
1 run, good length on off, and spinning into the batsman. Whipped off his pads to square leg.
FOUR runs, flat and straight, around leg. Pulled over square leg for four. Lands just inside the boundary.
no run, short ball, quick one, de Villiers misses the pull.
1 run, on a length, outside off, pushed down the ground for a single to long-on.
no run, short of a length in the corridor, defended into the off side.
no run, 98 kph and he almost bowls him. He pitches the slider on leg stump. And since the trajectory is flat, the batsman thinks he should cut it. Goes back, makes room, and then watches as the ball skids on, looking to topple his sticks. Just about stops that.
no run, on a length, just outside off, pushed to cover.
no run, flat, quick offbreak, the batsman is cramped as he backs away. Hit back to the bowler.
no run, short of a length outside off, opens his stance and taps this to mid-off.
no run, clips the half-volley on leg stump straight to midwicket, where Chahal fumbles but recovers quickly enough to prevent the single.
SIX runs, clobbered over long-on! Too full and angling away, Dhawan gets underneath the length and muscles this.
1 run, slaps this length ball to long off. For a second, the batsman didn't want a single but trudged along.
1 run, full just outside off, and Dhawan takes a big stride forward. Opens the bat's face, and works it to point. They walk across one.
1 run, slower ball at a length outside off, drives with the turn away, to sweeper.
1 run, short of a length and sliding in, low, at the stumps. Hurriedly chopped to point's right off the back foot.
FOUR runs, past short fine now. Full and at middle stump this time. Gets down for the sweep again and this time he's just managed to get a thick inside edge on it.
no run, fuller, straighter, punched down the ground, but straight to mid-on.
1 run, back of a length on the fourth-stump line, and the batsman punches it off the back foot. Plays it square to the cover point region on this occasion.
1 run, on a length, outside off, punched to mid-off for one.
no run, popped up but landed safe in front of mid-on strange shot by the batsman, wanted to sweep it, but too early into it. Gets it looping off the end of the bat and it lands in front of mid-on.
no run, just short of that slot. the batsman pushes it back to him. Can he flight it into that spot again and again? He might get a wicket.
no run, a predictable cutter, around off. the batsman misses a swat, dot.
2 runs, short of a length, and the batsman breaks the maiden with a punch in front of point.
FOUR runs, beautiful! the batsman's a different batsman when he opens. It was flighted just outside off, and he leans into an excellent drive. Sweetly timed.
no run, too full on leg stump, the batsman stretches out but misses the sweep.
1 run, short of a length, no room, opens the face, gets a single to short third man.
no run, quicker one but fuller on off, defended off the backfoot.
1 run, good length on middle stump, stays on the back foot and tapped to mid on for a single.
1 run, length ball, wide outside off, and cut off the back foot to deep point.
1 run, full just outside off, and comfortably driven to the sweeper fielder on the off side.
1 run, shorter now, outside off, slapped to sweeper cover.
OUT, caught at short fine! He tried to step inside and scoop it fine but the slower ball got him! It just stopped in the wicket and he couldn't use the pace, got it high on the bat and just popped it up to the man at short fine on the circle.
FOUR runs, tries the big slog, and it works. Looks to go over long-on, but the carrom ball turns away to take a healthy edge straight of short third man.
1 run, a third straight single for the batsman to long leg.
no run, length and swung away from off stump, watchfully defended into the covers.
FOUR runs, flighted full on off stump, but the batsman magnificently whips this sweep to the deep midwicket boundary. Glorious.
1 run, the batsman skips down immediately, the bowler pulls the length back, and his pull bounces just short of deep backward square leg.
OUT, Two in two! Holed out to long on! Game has changed. This was a half tracker, the batsman sat back and tried to smoke this over long on, he got it off the toe of the bat and hit it flat straight down the substitute's throat. Sixth time the bowler gets the batsman!.
FOUR runs, good length outside off, steps out and punches firmly between bowler and mid-off.
no run, length on off, opens the face and pushes it to point's right.
1 wide, looks to bounce him, slides down the leg side.
1 run, the bowler hits a hard length on off, cramps up the batsman, who drags a pull to deep square leg off the inside half.
1 run, and he starts with a zippy yorker at just over 140km/h, but it's negotiated easily enough, being dug out past point for a single.
1 run, wide yorker, dug out to extra cover for one.
no run, full and just outside off, looks to club through the leg side and gets an inside edge onto boot.
1 run, yorker on off, and the batsman does well to dig this away. Bunted back to the bowler.
1 run, short and up at leg stump. Looks to pull and gets an under-edge into the leg side.
no run, turns this indrifter into the leg side, the bowler runs across to stop that.
1 run, offbreak, short of a length, punched down to long-on for one.
no run, length ball around off, Umesh comes forward to defend and gets beaten by the turn.
no run, nicely driven but finds Jadeja at cover. Full and wide, driven elegantly.
no run, full, swinging in, pushed back to him.
no run, tries to be too cute! Good length on off, and the attempted late cut doesn't come off. Well taken by QDK.
FOUR runs, overpitched and on the toes. This time the batsman does manage to get bat and he does it with good effect. Flicked to fine leg's left and Steyn's dive is not good enough.
1 run, length ball on the pads, flicked behind square leg for a single, brings up his fifty off 40 balls.
no run, looks for the pull as he sees a short ball with some room outside off. No connection.
1 run, wide leg-break but the batsman drags it back and chips him back over his head. Kohli at long-on is quick to come around to deny them the second.
SIX runs, and this is in the slot, and Axar goes deep into the crease to smack him for a six back over his head.
1 run, short, on off, pulled to deep midwicket for one.
1 leg bye, slower ball to Pandya, beats him as he slogs, concedes just the leg-bye.
1 run, goes short, down leg, pulled to fine leg for a run.
no run, slower one dips outside off, 116ks, the batsman slogs early to the leg side and only collects fresh air.
FOUR runs, short at the ribs, rotates the upper body as he puts his weight into this pull shot to deep square's left.
SIX runs, juuuust over long-off! A googly outside off, the batsman watches the ball till very late and swats a sweep-type stroke with enough power over the fielder.
1 run, squeezes this leg-stump yorker to fine leg.
2 runs, short outside off, pulled to deep square's left.
1 run, slow in the air, this is the one that he turns the other way, the carrom ball  Dhawan bunts this to leg for one.
1 run, tucks him up with another short ball. the batsman makes room to play this to extra cover for one.
2 runs, length just outside off, plants the front leg across and flicks to deep square's left to steal a second.
no run, back of a length just outside off, and the batsman rides the bounce to defend it with soft hands.
no run, wide of the crease, short and holds its line outside off, jabbed to cover.
no run, full outside off, throws his hands at it but can't beat the cover field.
no run, length and across the corridor. Changes his mind late and lets this go.
FOUR runs, brings up fifty with a fierce pull to deep square leg. He wasn't happy with the refused single last ball and took his anger out on the ball. Not that short but he gets down low and swivels to connect with force. No chance for any fielder.
no run, fuller, at off stump, touch of leading edge as he closes the face.
no run, misses the cut! Was wide outside off, and Hardik will be disappointed on missing out. Could've placed that anywhere behind square on the off side.
1 wide, length ball slithers down leg.
no run, good length  on the stumps, pushed back to the bowler.
no run, slower through the air, around off, defended off the back foot.
1 run, offcutter, wide outside off, and he mistimes a punched shot to long off.
1 wide, another googly but this is too wide outside off.
no run, and once again, this is more down leg, but Dhawan is hit on the pad again.
1 run, down the wicket first up, ends up dragging this to long-on for one. No turn on the ball.
OUT, got him the batsman gave him the charge, but Axar out-smarted him, and fired it in well wide of off stump - though within the tramlines. Pant collects and whips off the bails.
1 run, opens the face to steer a pitched up delivery on middle to deep third man.
1 run, short and just outside off, dropped into the off side with soft hands.
no run, fuller on the stumps, played inside out but back towards the bowler.
no run, short of a length just outside off, hurried on the cut, it's off the under-edge to point.
1 run, short and wide, doesn't manage to get on top of it entirely as he slaps it to sweeper cover.
FOUR runs, swept fiercely, beats square leg. Fetched this from off stump. This wasn't all that bad a delivery from the bowler, take your hat off to the batsman for being brave and risking being lbw to play that.
no run, slider, beats him on the slog outside off as he plays for the turn.
SIX runs, length, and he has swung this over midwicket. Top shot.
1 run, dropped at backward point. Russell lunging to his left. Slower ball again it appears, short of a length outside off. Chops at it with an open face. It's wide to Russell's left and he can't grab on after putting in the dive. On his feet again.
no run, googly outside off, decent bounce, and the batsman defends on off, off the back foot.
1 run, short and into leg stump, aerial pull to deep square's right.
1 run, 141 kph, short around middle and leg, swatted away to long-on, on the bounce.
2 runs, slower short ball at middle stump, check-pull off the front foot. Between deep square and deep midwicket.
1 run, short at middle stump, pulled to deep square.
1 run, legbreak, short of a length, stays back and makes room to punch through cover.
no run, shortish, minimal width, chopped down to point.
1 run, full and just outside off, driven along the floor to sweeper cover.
1 run, can't get the run-out at the non-striker's end. It's a yorker outside off. Curran wants to ramp over short fine. Gets it pitch side on the leg side and is nowhere near completing the run. the bowler can't quite find the balance as he picks up and turns to throw.
no run, misses the sweep, wanted to hit it hard, but the ball was a bit flatter and not at the ideal length. Hit on the pads, but that's going down.
1 run, short on off, the batsman hops and taps to mid-on for one.
1 run, short of a length, slower ball, pushed to deep midwicket for one.
no run, carrom ball, from wide of the crease, and the batsman has to defend this.
1 run, down the wicket right away. the bowler pulls the length back, pulled to deep square leg for one.
SIX runs, dropped short on off stump, the batsman picks the length up so quickly. He rocks back and muscles a pull over midwicket. Hit with the spin.
no run, good length and just outside off, defended into the off side.
no run, gets some dip, Kishan has to stretch, ends up pushing this back down the wicket, and Rashid makes a diving save.
SIX runs, muscled over long-on. This is brute the batsman power to the fore. Fetched it from outside off but he knew what he was doing.
FOUR runs, good length outside off, but DK rides the bounce to punch this with the bat's open face. Beats point, and third man can't cut it off either.
no run, floats up a length ball around off, solidly blocked off the front foot.
2 runs, full toss, higher than the knee, the batsman is hurried into the shot, but still manages to hit it straight of long-on. Smith saves two with a dive there.
1 run, full outside off, backs into the leg side but is forced to hurry and get a bat on this. Sliced to third man's right.
no run, short and wide, the batsman stays in the crease and cuts, but can't beat backward point.
1 run, just outside off, and no real spin first up. Punched towards cover off the back foot.
SIX runs, knuckle ball on middle, but it's on a good length. Comes into the batsman's body, and he simply gets his front foot out of the way to tonk it over long on! 103 metres.
no run, sharp turn from outside leg, beats his sweep, hits him on the pad.
1 run, straight length ball, worked to leg for one.
1 run, the batsman waits and waits and chops down at the last moment to collect a single to third man.
no run, full again and he drills it down to mid-off.
4 leg byes, past the keeper off the thigh guard. Short ball getting big on him and he looked to fend that fine.
1 run, tossed up on middle, flicked to deep midwicket.
no run, short ball, angled across, not a lot of bounce but the batsman sways out of its way.
1 run, another skiddy delivery, half-pull to long-on.
2 runs, legcutter attempt this time it appears. Just dies after pitching short of a length and the batsman gets on the back foot and forces it over the bowler. A chip to clear mid-off by the end of it all.
no run, on a length, angling in, pushed back to Kumar.
no run, beaten as he looks to flay this on the up through cover. Lovely delivery, done in by the zip.
OUT, dragged to midwicket! Short of a good length, climbing up at a middle stump line. 135kph. He goes across the line for the front-foot pull, but that gets a bit steep by the end. Off the sticker region of the bat and a gentle catch offered.
no run, slower ball, on off stump. the batsman's forced to check his attempted drive, and taps it with soft hands to point instead. Wants the single, but eventually chooses not to. Smart choice.
1 run, good length and just outside off, punched into the covers off the back foot. A direct hit at the striker's end from Axar Patel. It deflects towards the midwicket boundary but Saha's gone a long way after grounding his bat and the chance of a second is gone.
FOUR runs, short, and he hangs back and swings this away towards midwicket.
to Rayudu, 1 run, leading edge, flies wide of Rana at point. On a length, Rayudu shuffles across again, it holds its line, and the leading edge doesn't go to hand.
2 runs, slower ball, he goes inside-out, and places this square of deep cover for two.
1 wide, full slower ball, very wide outside off, left alone.
no run, tossed up outside off, Kishan tries to smother the spin, doesn't get to the pitch and it spins between bat and pad and back to the keeper.
1 run, good length at the stumps, punched to long-on's left.
2 runs, length outside off, good skill this time in maneuvering that fine. Got down on a knee and ramped it. Long leg cleans up.
no run, length ball aimed at middle stump. Guided away to point.
FOUR runs, muscle from the batsman moved way outside leg, and was expecting the slower one. Length ball and he slaps it over mid-off with a horizontal bat, generating all the power himself.
1 run, a full delivery on off, it's a wild slog over midwicket. Across the line. A thick outside edge races down to third man. I'm just wondering should such a young batsman be playing these shots so early in his career?.
1 wide, back of a length, just outside leg stump, and soars over Kishan's head. MSD does well to jump and stop the ball with one hand.
SIX runs, low full toss on off, and he wastes no time to get to his fifty! Smacks this over Rahul's head, and the ball lands in the crowd.
FOUR runs, takes out the width but offers up the same length, and angles it into him as well, which allows the batsman to simply rock back and pull through midwicket. A horrific over from the bowler.
1 wide, whoops, this one goes awry, spilling too far outside off to open the extras column with a wide.
SIX runs, the the batsmanmania is taking off. the bowler misses the yorker, ends up bowling a half-volley, and he goes straight back over his head.
1 run, dabs a back of a length delivery down to deep third man.
FOUR runs, oh that is a terrible misfield at deep midwicket. Samad, who might now have to carry that into the last over as a bowler! Slower length ball had been dragged to Samad's left. It was not menacing by any means, he just let it through after making the ground.
1 run, short, and he goes back to pull this. Somehow muscles it past Dhawan at short midwicket, but again, not off the middle of the bat.
2 runs, starts with a slow off cutter on middle and leg, the batsman nudges it to leg and they took a single at normal pace and realised no fielder was sprinting in on the ball so take one more. Plenty of 30-plus players in CSK.
1 run, flat outside off, the ball turning in, pushed in front of point for a single.
1 leg bye, good length and into the pads, uses the angle and nudges that towards fine leg.
FOUR runs, back of a length on middle, the batsman ventures across off, gets inside the line, and helps it away fine on the leg side for four.
FOUR runs, stunning straight drive. Too full, he backed away and hammered this. Straight as an arrow. Long-on and long-off came around but had no chance.
no run, full on off stump, pushed into the covers.
1 run, hip-high short ball on leg stump, swatted to deep square leg.
2 runs, just evades extra cover. Stokes diving backwards and to his left. It's a high-ish full toss outside off and he slices that.
1 run, slightly slower yorker, Moeen digs it out to long-on.
2 runs, shuffles down the track and the bowler shortens his length, angling it across the batsman, Driven to the right of deep point.
no run, oh unplayable. That might the perfect ball. Good length, bolt upright seam, very late swerve away as it lands at a length in the corridor. Narrowly past the outside edge as the batsman looks to defend.
SIX runs, finishes the innings in style This was a slower one again but Rashid was waiting for it and he slaps it straight back over the bowler's head with a horizontal bat and it hits the boundary skirting on the full at long-off.
SIX runs, hammers it down the ground. Binnsta! You gangsta! He fools Arshdeep with his back leg going down leg. He makes him bowl outside off. And he's waiting with the perfect shot.
SIX runs, launches it over long-off. Prabhsimran is deep in his crease against this almost wide yorker and he gets under it so well, sending it miles over Warner.
SIX runs, smashed. That's just disdainfully put away. Short and wide outside off, and the batsman thrashes his cut shot well over the point boundary. That was hit very hard.
SIX runs, the batsman skips down too, and he is not close to the pitch of the ball so he has room to swing his arms through it and clears long-on with ease.